Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the d Congress, my fellow Americans:  I'm not at all sure what speech is in the TelePrompter tonight—[laughter]—but I hope we can talk about the state of the Union.  I ask you to begin by recalling the memory of the giant who presided over this Chamber with such force and grace. Tip O'Neill liked to call himself a man of the House." And he surely was that. But even more, he was a man of the people, a bricklayer's son who helped to build the great American middle class. Tip O'Neill never forgot who he was, where he came from, or who sent him here. Tonight he's smiling down on us for the first time from the Lord's gallery. But in his honor, may we, too, always remember who we are, where we me from, and who sent us here. If we do that we will return over and over again to the principle that if we simply give ordinary people equal opportunity, quality education, and a fair shot at the American dream, they will do extraordinary things.  We gather tonight in a world of changes so profound and rapid that all nations are tested. Our American heritage has always been to master such change, to use it to expand opportunity at home and our leadership abroad. But for too long and in too many ways, that heritage was abandoned, and our untry drifted.  For years, family life in America has been breaking down. For years, the wages of working people have been stagnant or declining. For the years of trickle-down enomics, we built a false prosperity on a hollow base as our national debt quadrupled. From to , we experienced the slowest growth in a half century. For too many families, even when both parents were working, the American dream has been slipping away.  In , the American people demanded that we change. A year ago I asked all of you to join me in accepting responsibility for the future of our untry. Well, we did. We replaced drift and deadlock with renewal and reform. And I want to thank every one of you here who heard the American people, who broke gridlock, who gave them the most successful teamwork between a President and a Congress in years.  This Congress produced a budget that cut the deficit by half a trillion dollars, cut spending, and raised inme taxes on only the wealthiest Americans. This Congress produced tax relief for millions of low-inme workers to reward work over welfare. It produced NAFTA. It produced the Brady bill, now the Brady law. And thank you, Jim Brady, for being here, and God bless you, sir.  This Congress produced tax cuts to reduce the taxes of out of small businesses who use the money to invest more and create more jobs. It produced more research and treatment for AIDS, more childhood immunizations, more support for women's health research, more affordable llege loans for the middle class, a new national service program for those who want to give something back to their untry and their mmunities for higher education, a dramatic increase in high-tech investments to move us from a defense to a domestic high-tech enomy. This Congress produced a new law, the motor voter bill, to help millions of people register to vote. It produced family and medical leave. All passed; all signed into law with not one single veto.  These acmplishments were all mmitments I made when I sought this office. And in fairness, they all had to be passed by you in this Congress. But I am persuaded that the real credit belongs to the people who sent us here, who pay our salaries, who hold our feet to the fire.  But what we do here is really beginning to change lives. Let me just give you one example. I will never forget what the family and medical leave law meant to just one father I met early one Sunday morning in the White House. It was unusual to see a family there touring early Sunday morning, but he had his wife and his three children there, one of them in a wheelchair. I came up, and after we had our picture taken and had a little visit, I was walking off and that man grabbed me by the arm and he said, Mr. President, let me tell you something. My little girl here is desperately ill. She's probably not going to make it. But because of the family leave law, I was able to take time off to spend with her, the most important time I ever spent in my life, without losing my job and hurting the rest of my family. It means more to me than I will ever be able to say. Don't you people up here ever think what you do doesn't make a difference. It does."  Though we are making a difference, our work has just begun. Many Americans still haven't felt the impact of what we've done. The revery still hasn't touched every mmunity or created enough jobs. Inmes are still stagnant. There's still too much violence and not enough hope in too many places. Abroad, the young democracies we are strongly supporting still face very difficult times and look to us for leadership. And so tonight, let us resolve to ntinue the journey of renewal, to create more and better jobs, to guarantee health security for all, to reward work over welfare, to promote democracy abroad, and to begin to reclaim our streets from violent crime and drugs and gangs, to renew our own American mmunity.  Last year we began to put our house in order by tackling the budget deficit that was driving us toward bankruptcy. We cut billion in spending, including entitlements, and over separate budget items. We froze domestic spending and used honest budget numbers.  Led by the Vice President, we launched a campaign to reinvent Government. We cut staff, cut perks, even trimmed the fleet of Federal limousines. After years of leaders whose rhetoric attacked bureaucracy but whose action expanded it, we will actually reduce it by , people over the next years. By the time we have finished, the Federal bureaucracy will be at its lowest point in years.  Because the deficit was so large and because they benefited from tax cuts in the 's, we did ask the wealthiest Americans to pay more to reduce the deficit. So on April th, the American people will disver the truth about what we did last year on taxes. Only the top —[applause]—yes, listen, the top . percent of Americans, as I said all along, will pay higher inme tax rates. Let me repeat: Only the wealthiest . percent of Americans will face higher inme tax rates, and no one else will. And that is the truth.  Of urse, there were, as there always are in politics, naysayers who said this plan wouldn't work. But they were wrong. When I became President, the experts predicted that next year's deficit would be billion. But because we acted, those same people now say the deficit is going to be under billion, percent lower than was previously predicted.  Our enomic program has helped to produce the lowest re inflation rate and the lowest interest rates in years. And because those interest rates are down, business investment and equipment is growing at times the rate of the previous years. Auto sales are way up. Home sales are at a rerd high. Millions of Americans have refinanced their homes. And our enomy has produced . million private sector jobs in , more than were created in the previous years mbined.  The people who supported this enomic plan should be proud of its early results, proud. But everyone in this Chamber should know and acknowledge that there is more to do.  Next month I will send you one of the toughest budgets ever presented to Congress. It will cut spending in more than programs, eliminate domestic programs, and reform the ways in which governments buy goods and services. This year we must again make the hard choices to live within the hard spending ceilings we have set. We must do it. We have proved we can bring the deficit down without choking off revery, without punishing seniors or the middle class, and without putting our national security at risk. If you will stick with this plan, we will post nsecutive years of declining deficits for the first time since Harry Truman lived in the White House. And once again, the buck stops here.  Our enomic plan also bolsters our strength and our credibility around the world. Once we reduced the deficit and put the steel back into our mpetitive edge, the world echoed with the sound of falling trade barriers. In one year, with NAFTA, with GATT, with our efforts in Asia and the national export strategy, we did more to open world markets to American products than at any time in the last two generations. That means more jobs and rising living standards for the American people, low deficits, low inflation, low interest rates, low trade barriers, and high investments. These are the building blocks of our revery. But if we want to take full advantage of the opportunities before us in the global enomy, you all know we must do more.  As we reduce defense spending, I ask Congress to invest more in the technologies of tomorrow. Defense nversion will keep us strong militarily and create jobs for our people here at home. As we protect our environment, we must invest in the environmental technologies of the future which will create jobs. This year we will fight for a revitalized Clean Water Act and a Safe Drinking Water Act and a reformed Superfund program. And the Vice President is right, we must also work with the private sector to nnect every classroom, every clinic, every library, every hospital in America into a national information superhighway by the year . Think of it: Instant access to information will increase productivity, will help to educate our children. It will provide better medical care. It will create jobs. And I call on the Congress to pass legislation to establish that information superhighway this year.  As we expand opportunity and create jobs, no one can be left out. We must ntinue to enforce fair lending and fair housing and all civil rights laws, because America will never be mplete in its renewal until everyone shares in its bounty.  But we all know, too, we can do all these things—put our enomic house in order, expand world trade, target the jobs of the future, guarantee equal opportunity—but if we're honest we'll all admit that this strategy still cannot work unless we also give our people the education, training, and skills they need to seize the opportunities of tomorrow.  We must set tough, world-class academic and occupational standards for all our children and give our teachers and students the tools they need to meet them. Our Goals proposal will empower individual school districts to experiment with ideas like chartering their schools to be run by private rporations or having more public school choice, to do whatever they wish to do as long as we measure every school by one high standard: Are our children learning what they need to know to mpete and win in the global enomy? Goals links world-class standards to grassroots reforms. And I hope Congress will pass it without delay.  Our school-to-work initiative will for the first time link school to the world of work, providing at least one year of apprenticeship beyond high school. After all, most of the people we're unting on to build our enomic future won't graduate from llege. It's time to stop ignoring them and start empowering them.  We must literally transform our outdated unemployment system into a new reemployment system. The old unemployment system just sort of kept you going while you waited for your old job to me back. We've got to have a new system to move people into new and better jobs, because most of those old jobs just don't me back. And we know that the only way to have real job security in the future, to get a good job with a growing inme, is to have real skills and the ability to learn new ones. So we've got to streamline today's patchwork of training programs and make them a source of new skills for our people who lose their jobs. Reemployment, not unemployment, must beme the centerpiece of our enomic renewal. I urge you to pass it in this session of Congress.  And just as we must transform our unemployment system, so must we also revolutionize our welfare system. It doesn't work. It defies our values as a nation. If we value work, we can't justify a system that makes welfare more attractive than work if people are worried about losing their health care. If we value responsibility, we can't ignore the billion in child support absent parents ought to be paying to millions of parents who are taking care of their children. If we value strong families, we can't perpetuate a system that actually penalizes those who stay together. Can you believe that a child who has a child gets more money from the Government for leaving home than for staying home with a parent or a grandparent? That's not just bad policy, it's wrong. And we ought to change it.  I worked on this problem for years before I became President, with other Governors and with Members of Congress of both parties and with the previous administration of another party. I worked on it with people who were on welfare, lots of them. And I want to say something to everybody here who cares about this issue. The people who most want to change this system are the people who are dependent on it. They want to get off welfare. They want to go back to work. They want to do right by their kids.  I once had a hearing when I was a Governor, and I brought in people on welfare from all over America who had found their way to work. The woman from my State who testified was asked this question: What's the best thing about being off welfare and in a job? And without blinking an eye, she looked at Governors, and she said, When my boy goes to school and they say, What does your mother do for a living?' he can give an answer." These people want a better system, and we ought to give it to them.  Last year we began this. We gave the States more power to innovate because we know that a lot of great ideas me from outside Washington, and many States are already using it. Then this Congress took a dramatic step. Instead of taxing people with modest inmes into poverty, we helped them to work their way out of poverty by dramatically increasing the earned-inme tax credit. It will lift million working families out of poverty, rewarding work over welfare, making it possible for people to be successful workers and successful parents. Now that's real welfare reform.  But there is more to be done. This spring I will send you a mprehensive welfare reform bill that builds on the Family Support Act of and restores the basic values of work and responsibility. We'll say to teenagers, If you have a child out of wedlock, we will no longer give you a check to set up a separate household. We want families to stay together"; say to absent parents who aren't paying their child support, If you're not providing for your children, we'll garnish your wages, suspend your license, track you across State lines, and if necessary, make some of you work off what you owe." People who bring children into this world cannot and must not walk away from them. But to all those who depend on welfare, we should offer ultimately a simple mpact. We'll provide the support, the job training, the child care you need for up to years. But after that, anyone who can work, must, in the private sector wherever possible, in mmunity service if necessary. That's the only way we'll ever make welfare what it ought to be, a send chance, not a way of life.  I know it will be difficult to tackle welfare reform in at the same time we tackle health care. But let me point out, I think it is inevitable and imperative. It is estimated that one million people are on welfare today because it's the only way they can get health care verage for their children. Those who choose to leave welfare for jobs without health benefits, and many entry-level jobs don't have health benefits, find themselves in the incredible position of paying taxes that help to pay for health care verage for those who made the other choice, to stay on welfare. No wonder people leave work and go back to welfare to get health care verage. We've got to solve the health care problem to have real welfare reform.  So this year, we will make history by reforming the health care system. And I would say to you, all of you, my fellow public servants, this is another issue where the people are way ahead of the politicians. That may not be popular with either party, but it happens to be the truth.  You know, the First Lady has received now almost a million letters from people all across America and from all walks of life. I'd like to share just one of them with you. Richard Anderson of Reno, Nevada, lost his job and with it, his health insurance. Two weeks later his wife, Judy, suffered a cerebral aneurysm. He rushed her to the hospital, where she stayed in intensive care for days. The Andersons' bills were over ,. Although Judy revered and Richard went back to work at an hour, the bills were too much for them, and they were literally forced into bankruptcy. Mrs. Clinton," he wrote to Hillary, no one in the United States of America should have to lose everything they've worked for all their lives because they were unfortunate enough to beme ill." It was to help the Richard and Judy Andersons of America that the First Lady and so many others have worked so hard and so long on this health care reform issue. We owe them our thanks and our action.  I know there are people here who say there's no health care crisis. Tell it to Richard and Judy Anderson. Tell it to the million Americans who have no verage at all for some time each year. Tell it to the million Americans with those preexisting nditions. Those folks are paying more, or they can't get insurance at all, or they can't ever change their jobs because they or someone in their family has one of those preexisting nditions. Tell it to the small businesses burdened by the skyrocketing st of insurance. Most small businesses ver their employees, and they pay on average percent more in premiums than big businesses or Government. Or tell it to the percent of insured Americans, three out of four, whose policies have lifetime limits, and that means they can find themselves without any verage at all just when they need it the most. So if any of you believe there's no crisis, you tell it to those people, because I can't.  There are some people who literally do not understand the impact of this problem on people's lives. And all you have to do is go out and listen to them. Just go talk to them anywhere in any ngressional district in this untry. They're Republicans and Democrats and independents; it doesn't have a lick to do with party. They think we don't get it. And it's time we show them that we do get it.  From the day we began, our health care initiative has been designed to strengthen what is good about our health care system: the world's best health care professionals, cutting-edge research and wonderful research institutions, Medicare for older Americans. None of this, none of it should be put at risk.  But we're paying more and more money for less and less care. Every year fewer and fewer Americans even get to choose their doctors. Every year doctors and nurses spend more time on paperwork and less time with patients because of the absolute bureaucratic nightmare the present system has beme. This system is riddled with inefficiency, with abuse, with fraud, and everybody knows it. In today's health care system, insurance mpanies call the shots. They pick whom they ver and how they ver them. They can cut off your benefits when you need your verage the most. They are in charge.  What does it mean? It means every night millions of well-insured Americans go to bed just an illness, an accident, or a pink slip away from having no verage or financial ruin. It means every morning millions of Americans go to work without any health insurance at all, something the workers in no other advanced untry in the world do. It means that every year more and more hard-working people are told to pick a new doctor because their boss has had to pick a new plan. And untless others turn down better jobs because they know if they take the better job, they will lose their health insurance. If we just let the health care system ntinue to drift, our untry will have people with less care, fewer choices, and higher bills.  Now, our approach protects the quality of care and people's choices. It builds on what works today in the private sector, to expand employer-based verage, to guarantee private insurance for every American. And I might say, employer-based private insurance for every American was proposed years ago by President Richard Nixon to the United States Congress. It was a good idea then, and it's a better idea today.  Why do we want guaranteed private insurance? Because right now out of people who have insurance get it through their employers. And that should ntinue. And if your employer is providing good benefits at reasonable prices, that should ntinue, too. That ought to make the Congress and the President feel better.  Our goal is health insurance everybody can depend on: mprehensive benefits that ver preventive care and prescription drugs; health premiums that don't just explode when you get sick or you get older; the power, no matter how small your business is, to choose dependable insurance at the same mpetitive rates governments and big business get today; one simple form for people who are sick; and most of all, the freedom to choose a plan and the right to choose your own doctor.  Our approach protects older Americans. Every plan before the Congress proposes to slow the growth of Medicare. The difference is this: We believe those savings should be used to improve health care for senior citizens. Medicare must be protected, and it should ver prescription drugs, and we should take the first steps in vering long-term care. To those who would cut Medicare without protecting seniors, I say the solution to today's squeeze on middle class working people's health care is not to put the squeeze on middle class retired people's health care. We can do better than that.  When it's all said and done, it's pretty simple to me. Insurance ought to mean what it used to mean: You pay a fair price for security, and when you get sick, health care's always there, no matter what.  Along with the guarantee of health security, we all have to admit, too, there must be more responsibility on the part of all of us in how we use this system. People have to take their kids to get immunized. We should all take advantage of preventive care. We must all work together to stop the violence that explodes our emergency rooms. We have to practice better health habits, and we can't abuse the system. And those who don't have insurance under our approach will get verage, but they'll have to pay something for it, too. The minority of businesses that provide no insurance at all, and in so doing shift the st of the care of their employees to others, should ntribute something. People who smoke should pay more for a pack of cigarettes. Everybody can ntribute something if we want to solve the health care crisis. There can't be any more something for nothing. It will not be easy but it can be done.  Now, in the ming months I hope very much to work with both Democrats and Republicans to reform a health care system by using the market to bring down sts and to achieve lasting health security. But if you look at history we see that for years this untry has tried to reform health care. President Roosevelt tried. President Truman tried. President Nixon tried. President Carter tried. Every time the special interests were powerful enough to defeat them. But not this time.  I know that facing up to these interests will require urage. It will raise critical questions about the way we finance our campaigns and how lobbyists yield their influence. The work of change, frankly, will never get any easier until we limit the influence of well-financed interests who profit from this current system. So I also must now call on you to finish the job both Houses began last year by passing tough and meaningful campaign finance reform and lobby reform legislation this year.  You know, my fellow Americans, this is really a test for all of us. The American people provide those of us in Government service with terrific health care benefits at reasonable sts. We have health care that's always there. I think we need to give every hard-working, tax-paying American the same health care security they have already given to us.  I want to make this very clear. I am open, as I have said repeatedly, to the best ideas of ncerned Members of both parties. I have no special brief for any specific approach, even in our own bill, except this: If you send me legislation that does not guarantee every American private health insurance that can never be taken away, you will force me to take this pen, veto the legislation, and we'll me right back here and start all over again.  But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we're ready to act now. I believe that you're ready to act now. And if you're ready to guarantee every American the same health care that you have, health care that can never be taken away, now—not next year or the year after—now is the time to stand with the people who sent us here, now.  As we take these steps together to renew our strength at home, we cannot turn away from our obligation to renew our leadership abroad. This is a promising moment. Because of the agreements we have reached this year, last year, Russia's strategic nuclear missiles soon will no longer be pointed at the United States, nor will we point ours at them. Instead of building weapons in space, Russian scientists will help us to build the international space station.  Of urse, there are still dangers in the world: rampant arms proliferation, bitter regional nflicts, ethnic and nationalist tensions in many new democracies, severe environmental degradation the world over, and fanatics who seek to cripple the world's cities with terror. As the world's greatest power, we must, therefore, maintain our defenses and our responsibilities.  This year, we secured indictments against terrorists and sanctions against those who harbor them. We worked to promote environmentally sustainable enomic growth. We achieved agreements with Ukraine, with Belarus, with Kazahkstan to eliminate mpletely their nuclear arsenal. We are working to achieve a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons. We will seek early ratification of a treaty to ban chemical weapons worldwide. And earlier today, we joined with over nations to begin negotiations on a mprehensive ban to stop all nuclear testing.  But nothing, nothing is more important to our security than our Nation's Armed Forces. We honor their ntributions, including those who are carrying out the longest humanitarian air lift in history in Bosnia, those who will mplete their mission in Somalia this year and their brave mrades who gave their lives there. Our forces are the finest military our Nation has ever had. And I have pledged that as long as I am President, they will remain the best equipped, the best trained, and the best prepared fighting force on the face of the Earth.  Last year I proposed a defense plan that maintains our post-ld-war security at a lower st. This year many people urged me to cut our defense spending further to pay for other Government programs. I said no. The budget I send to Congress draws the line against further defense cuts. It protects the readiness and quality of our forces. Ultimately, the best strategy is to do that. We must not cut defense further. I hope the Congress, without regard to party, will support that position.  Ultimately, the best strategy to ensure our security and to build a durable peace is to support the advance of democracy elsewhere. Democracies don't attack each other. They make better trading partners and partners in diplomacy. That is why we have supported, you and I, the democratic reformers in Russia and in the other states of the former Soviet bloc. I applaud the bipartisan support this Congress provided last year for our initiatives to help Russia, Ukraine, and the other states through their epic transformations.  Our support of reform must mbine patience for the enormity of the task and vigilance for our fundamental interest and values. We will ntinue to urge Russia and the other states to press ahead with enomic reforms. And we will seek to operate with Russia to solve regional problems, while insisting that if Russian troops operate in neighboring states, they do so only when those states agree to their presence and in strict acrd with international standards.  But we must also remember as these nations chart their own futures—and they must chart their own futures—how much more secure and more prosperous our own people will be if democratic and market reforms succeed all across the former Communist bloc. Our policy has been to support that move, and that has been the policy of the Congress. We should ntinue it.  That is why I went to Europe earlier this month, to work with our European partners, to help to integrate all the former Communist untries into a Europe that has a possibility of beming unified for the first time in its entire history, its entire history, based on the simple mmitments of all nations in Europe to democracy, to free markets, and to respect for existing borders.  With our allies we have created a Partnership For Peace that invites states from the former Soviet bloc and other non-NATO members to work with NATO in military operation. When I met with Central Europe's leaders, including Lech Walesa and Vaclav Havel, men who put their lives on the line for freedom, I told them that the security of their region is important to our untry's security.  This year we must also do more to support democratic renewal and human rights and sustainable development all around the world. We will ask Congress to ratify the new GATT acrd. We will ntinue standing by South Africa as it works its way through its bold and hopeful and difficult transition to democracy. We will nvene a summit of the Western Hemisphere's democratic leaders from Canada to the tip of South America. And we will ntinue to press for the restoration of true democracy in Haiti. And as we build a more nstructive relationship with China, we must ntinue to insist on clear signs of improvement in that nation's human rights rerd.  We will also work for new progress toward the Middle East peace. Last year the world watched Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat at the White House when they had their historic handshake of renciliation. But there is a long, hard road ahead. And on that road I am determined that I and our administration will do all we can to achieve a mprehensive and lasting peace for all the peoples of the region.  Now, there are some in our untry who argue that with the ld war, America should turn its back on the rest of the world. Many around the world were afraid we would do just that. But I took this office on a pledge that had no partisan tinge, to keep our Nation secure by remaining engaged in the rest of the world. And this year, because of our work together, enacting NAFTA, keeping our military strong and prepared, supporting democracy abroad, we have reaffirmed America's leadership, America's engagement. And as a result, the American people are more secure than they were before.  But while Americans are more secure from threats abroad, I think we all know that in many ways we are less secure from threats here at home. Every day the national peace is shattered by crime. In Petaluma, California, an innocent slumber party gives way to agonizing tragedy for the family of Polly Klaas. An ordinary train ride on Long Island ends in a hail of -millimeter rounds. A tourist in Florida is nearly burned alive by bigots simply because he is black. Right here in our Nation's Capital, a brave young man named Jason White, a policeman, the son and grandson of policemen, is ruthlessly gunned down. Violent crime and the fear it provokes are crippling our society, limiting personal freedom, and fraying the ties that bind us.  The crime bill before Congress gives you a chance to do something about it, a chance to be tough and smart. What does that mean? Let me begin by saying I care a lot about this issue. Many years ago, when I started out in public life, I was the attorney general of my State. I served as a Governor for a dozen years. I know what it's like to sign laws increasing penalties, to build more prison cells, to carry out the death penalty. I understand this issue. And it is not a simple thing.  First, we must regnize that most violent crimes are mmitted by a small percentage of criminals who too often break the laws even when they are on parole. Now those who mmit crimes should be punished. And those who mmit repeated violent crimes should be told, When you mmit a third violent crime, you will be put away, and put away for good; three strikes and you are out."  Send, we must take serious steps to reduce violence and prevent crime, beginning with more police officers and more mmunity policing. We know right now that police who work the streets, know the folks, have the respect of the neighborhood kids, focus on high crime areas, we know that they are more likely to prevent crime as well as catch criminals. Look at the experience of Houston, where the crime rate dropped percent in one year when that approach was taken.  Here tonight is one of those mmunity policemen, a brave, young detective, Kevin Jett, whose beat is eight square blocks in one of the toughest neighborhoods in New York. Every day he restores some sanity and safety and a sense of values and nnections to the people whose lives he protects. I'd like to ask him to stand up and be regnized tonight. Thank you, sir. Applause]  You will be given a chance to give the children of this untry, the law-abiding working people of this untry—and don't forget, in the toughest neighborhoods in this untry, in the highest crime neighborhoods in this untry, the vast majority of people get up every day and obey the law, pay their taxes, do their best to raise their kids. They deserve people like Kevin Jett. And you're going to be given a chance to give the American people another , of them, well trained. And I urge you to do it.  You have before you crime legislation which also establishes a police rps to enurage young people to get an education and pay it off by serving as police officers; which enurages retiring military personnel to move into police forces, an inordinate resource for our untry; one which has a safe schools provision which will give our young people the chance to walk to school in safety and to be in school in safety instead of dodging bullets. These are important things.  The third thing we have to do is to build on the Brady bill, the Brady law, to take further steps to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. I want to say something about this issue. Hunters must always be free to hunt. Law-abiding adults should always be free to own guns and protect their homes. I respect that part of our culture; I grew up in it. But I want to ask the sportsmen and others who lawfully own guns to join us in this campaign to reduce gun violence. I say to you, I know you didn't create this problem, but we need your help to solve it. There is no sporting purpose on Earth that should stop the United States Congress from banishing assault weapons that out-gun police and cut down children.  Fourth, we must remember that drugs are a factor in an enormous percentage of crimes. Recent studies indicate, sadly, that drug use is on the rise again among our young people. The crime bill ntains—all the crime bills ntain— more money for drug treatment for criminal addicts and boot camps for youthful offenders that include incentives to get off drugs and to stay off drugs. Our administration's budget, with all its cuts, ntains a large increase in funding for drug treatment and drug education. You must pass them both. We need them desperately.  My fellow Americans, the problem of violence is an American problem. It has no partisan or philosophical element. Therefore, I urge you to find ways as quickly as possible to set aside partisan differences and pass a strong, smart, tough crime bill. But further, I urge you to nsider this: As you demand tougher penalties for those who choose violence, let us also remember how we came to this sad point. In our toughest neighborhoods, on our meanest streets, in our poorest rural areas, we have seen a stunning and simultaneous breakdown of mmunity, family, and work, the heart and soul of civilized society. This has created a vast vacuum which has been filled by violence and drugs and gangs. So I ask you to remember that even as we say no to crime, we must give people, especially our young people, something to say yes to.  Many of our initiatives, from job training to welfare reform to health care to national service, will help to rebuild distressed mmunities, to strengthen families, to provide work. But more needs to be done. That's what our mmunity empowerment agenda is all about, challenging businesses to provide more investment through empowerment zones, ensuring banks will make loans in the same mmunities their deposits me from, passing legislation to unleash the power of capital through mmunity development banks to create jobs, opportunity, and hope where they're needed most.  I think you know that to really solve this problem, we'll all have to put our heads together, leave our ideological armor aside, and find some new ideas to do even more. And let's be honest, we all know something else too: Our problems go way beyond the reach of Government. They're rooted in the loss of values, in the disappearance of work, and the breakdown of our families and our mmunities.  My fellow Americans, we can cut the deficit, create jobs, promote democracy around the world, pass welfare reform and health care, pass the toughest crime bill in history, but still leave too many of our people behind. The American people have got to want to change from within if we're going to bring back work and family and mmunity. We cannot renew our untry when within a decade more than half of the children will be born into families where there has been no marriage. We cannot renew this untry when -year-old boys get semiautomatic weapons to shoot -year-olds for kicks. We can't renew our untry when children are having children and the fathers walk away as if the kids don't amount to anything. We can't renew the untry when our businesses eagerly look for new investments and new customers abroad but ignore those people right here at home who would give anything to have their jobs and would gladly buy their products if they had the money to do it. We can't renew our untry unless more of us—I mean, all of us— are willing to join the churches and the other good citizens, people like all the—like ministers I've worked with over the years or the priests and the nuns I met at Our Lady of Help in east Los Angeles or my good friend Tony Campollo in Philadelphia, unless we're willing to work with people like that, people who are saving kids, adopting schools, making streets safer. All of us can do that. We can't renew our untry until we realize that governments don't raise children, parents do.  Parents who know their children's teachers and turn off the television and help with the homework and teach their kids right from wrong, those kinds of parents can make all the difference. I know; I had one. I'm telling you, we have got to stop pointing our fingers at these kids who have no future and reach our hands out to them. Our untry needs it, we need it, and they deserve it.  So I say to you tonight, let's give our children a future. Let us take away their guns and give them books. Let us overme their despair and replace it with hope. Let us, by our example, teach them to obey the law, respect our neighbors, and cherish our values. Let us weave these sturdy threads into a new American mmunity that can once more stand strong against the forces of despair and evil because everybody has a chance to walk into a better tomorrow.  Oh, there will be naysayers who fear that we won't be equal to the challenges of this time. But they misread our history, our heritage. Even today's headlines, all those things tell us we can and we will overme any challenge.  When the earth shook and fires raged in California, when I saw the Mississippi deluge the farmlands of the Midwest in a -year flood, when the century's bitterest ld swept from North Dakota to Newport News, it seemed as though the world itself was ming apart at the seams. But the American people, they just came together. They rose to the occasion, neighbor helping neighbor, strangers risking life and limb to save total strangers, showing the better angels of our nature.  Let us not reserve the better angels only for natural disasters, leaving our deepest and most profound problems to petty political fighting. Let us instead be true to our spirit, facing facts, ming together, bringing hope, and moving forward.  Tonight, my fellow Americans, we are summoned to answer a question as old as the Republic itself: What is the state of our Union? It is growing stronger, but it must be stronger still. With your help and God's help, it will be.  Thank you, and God bless America.  Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress, my fellow Americans: Again we are here in the sanctuary of democracy, and once again our democracy has spoken. So let me begin by ngratulating all of you here in the th Congress and ngratulating you, Mr. Speaker.  If we agree on nothing else tonight, we must agree that the American people certainly voted for change in and in . And as I look out at you, I know how some of you must have felt in . Laughter]  I must say that in both years we didn't hear America singing, we heard America shouting. And now all of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, must say, We hear you. We will work together to earn the jobs you have given us." For we are the keepers of a sacred trust, and we must be faithful to it in this new and very demanding era.  Over years ago, our Founders changed the entire urse of human history by joining together to create a new untry based on a single powerful idea: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, and among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness."  It has fallen to every generation since then to preserve that idea, the American idea, and to deepen and expand its meaning in new and different times: to Linln and to his Congress to preserve the Union and to end slavery; to Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson to restrain the abuses and excesses of the industrial revolution and to assert our leadership in the world; to Franklin Roosevelt to fight the failure and pain of the Great Depression and to win our untry's great struggle against fascism; and to all our Presidents since to fight the ld war. Especially, I recall two who struggled to fight that ld war in partnership with Congresses where the majority was of a different party: to Harry Truman, who summoned us to unparalleled prosperity at home and who built the architecture of the ld war; and to Ronald Reagan, whom we wish well tonight and who exhorted us to carry on until the twilight struggle against mmunism was won.  In another time of change and challenge, I had the honor to be the first President to be elected in the post-ld-war era, an era marked by the global enomy, the information revolution, unparalleled change and opportunity and insecurity for the American people. I came to this hallowed Chamber years ago on a mission, to restore the American dream for all our people and to make sure that we move into the st century still the strongest force for freedom and democracy in the entire world. I was determined then to tackle the tough problems too long ignored. In this effort I am frank to say that I have made my mistakes, and I have learned again the importance of humility in all human endeavor. But I am also proud to say tonight that our untry is stronger than it was years ago. Applause] Thank you.  Rerd numbers of Americans are succeeding in the new global enomy. We are at peace, and we are a force for peace and freedom throughout the world. We have almost million new jobs since I became President, and we have the lowest mbined rate of unemployment and inflation in years. Our businesses are more productive. And here we have worked to bring the deficit down, to expand trade, to put more police on our streets, to give our citizens more of the tools they need to get an education and to rebuild their own mmunities.  But the rising tide is not lifting all boats. While our Nation is enjoying peace and prosperity, too many of our people are still working harder and harder, for less and less. While our businesses are restructuring and growing more productive and mpetitive, too many of our people still can't be sure of having a job next year or even next month. And far more than our material riches are threatened, things far more precious to us, our children, our families, our values.  Our civil life is suffering in America today. Citizens are working together less and shouting at each other more. The mmon bonds of mmunity which have been the great strength of our untry from its very beginning are badly frayed. What are we to do about it?  More than years ago, at the dawn of another new era, President Roosevelt told our Nation, New nditions impose new requirements on Government and those who nduct Government." And from that simple proposition, he shaped the New Deal, which helped to restore our Nation to prosperity and define the relationship between our people and their Government for half a century.  That approach worked in its time. But we today, we face a very different time and very different nditions. We are moving from an industrial age built on gears and sweat to an information age demanding skills and learning and flexibility. Our Government, once a champion of national purpose, is now seen by many as simply a captive of narrow interests, putting more burdens on our citizens rather than equipping them to get ahead. The values that used to hold us all together seem to be ming apart.  So tonight we must forge a new social mpact to meet the challenges of this time. As we enter a new era, we need a new set of understandings, not just with Government but, even more important, with one another as Americans.  That's what I want to talk with you about tonight. I call it the New Covenant. But it's grounded in a very, very old idea, that all Americans have not just a right but a solemn responsibility to rise as far as their God-given talents and determination can take them and to give something back to their mmunities and their untry in return. Opportunity and responsibility: They go hand in hand. We can't have one without the other. And our national mmunity can't hold together without both.  Our New Covenant is a new set of understandings for how we can equip our people to meet the challenges of a new enomy, how we can change the way our Government works to fit a different time, and, above all, how we can repair the damaged bonds in our society and me together behind our mmon purpose. We must have dramatic change in our enomy, our Government, and ourselves.  My fellow Americans, without regard to party, let us rise to the occasion. Let us put aside partisanship and pettiness and pride. As we embark on this new urse, let us put our untry first, remembering that regardless of party label, we are all Americans. And let the final test of everything we do be a simple one: Is it good for the American people?  Let me begin by saying that we cannot ask Americans to be better citizens if we are not better servants. You made a good start by passing that law which applies to Congress all the laws you put on the private sector, and I was proud to sign it yesterday. But we have a lot more to do before people really trust the way things work around here. Three times as many lobbyists are in the streets and rridors of Washington as were here years ago. The American people look at their Capital, and they see a city where the well-nnected and the well-protected can work the system, but the interests of ordinary citizens are often left out.  As the new Congress opened its doors, lobbyists were still doing business as usual; the gifts, the trips, all the things that people are ncerned about haven't stopped. Twice this month you missed opportunities to stop these practices. I know there were other nsiderations in those votes, but I want to use something that I've heard my Republican friends say from time to time, There doesn't have to be a law for everything." So tonight I ask you to just stop taking the lobbyists' perks. Just stop. We don't have to wait for legislation to pass to send a strong signal to the American people that things are really changing. But I also hope you will send me the strongest possible lobby reform bill, and I'll sign that, too.  We should require lobbyists to tell the people for whom they work what they're spending, what they want. We should also curb the role of big money in elections by capping the st of campaigns and limiting the influence of PAC's. And as I have said for years, we should work to open the airwaves so that they can be an instrument of democracy, not a weapon of destruction, by giving free TV time to candidates for public office.  When the last Congress killed political reform last year, it was reported in the press that the lobbyists actually stood in the Halls of this sacred building and cheered. This year, let's give the folks at home something to cheer about.  More important, I think we all agree that we have to change the way the Government works. Let's make it smaller, less stly, and smarter; leaner, not meaner. Applause]  I just told the Speaker the equal time doctrine is alive and well. Laughter]  The New Covenant approach to governing is as different from the old bureaucratic way as the mputer is from the manual typewriter. The old way of governing around here protected organized interests. We should look out for the interests of ordinary people. The old way divided us by interest, nstituency, or class. The New Covenant way should unite us behind a mmon vision of what's best for our untry. The old way dispensed services through large, top-down, inflexible bureaucracies. The New Covenant way should shift these resources and decisionmaking from bureaucrats to citizens, injecting choice and mpetition and individual responsibility into national policy. The old way of governing around here actually seemed to reward failure. The New Covenant way should have built-in incentives to reward success. The old way was centralized here in Washington. The New Covenant way must take hold in the mmunities all across America. And we should help them to do that.  Our job here is to expand opportunity, not bureaucracy, to empower people to make the most of their own lives, and to enhance our security here at home and abroad. We must not ask Government to do what we should do for ourselves. We should rely on Government as a partner to help us to do more for ourselves and for each other.  I hope very much that as we debate these specific and exciting matters, we can go beyond the sterile discussion between the illusion that there is somehow a program for every problem, on the one hand, and the other illusion that the Government is a source of every problem we have. Our job is to get rid of yesterday's Government so that our own people can meet today's and tomorrow's needs. And we ought to do it together.  You know, for years before I became President, I heard others say they would cut Government and how bad it was, but not much happened. We actually did it. We cut over a quarter of a trillion dollars in spending, more than domestic programs, more than , positions from the Federal bureaucracy in the last years alone. Based on decisions already made, we will have cut a total of more than a quarter of a million positions from the Federal Government, making it the smallest it has been since John Kennedy was President, by the time I me here again next year.  Under the leadership of Vice President Gore, our initiatives have already saved taxpayers billion. The age of the hammer and the ashtray you can break on David Letterman" is gone. Deadwood programs, like mohair subsidies, are gone. We've streamlined the Agriculture Department by reducing it by more than , offices. We've slashed the small business loan form from an inch thick to a single page. We've thrown away the Government's ,page personnel manual.  And the Government is working better in important ways: FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, has gone from being a disaster to helping people in disasters. You can ask the farmers in the Middle West who fought the flood there or the people in California who have dealt with floods and earthquakes and fires, and they'll tell you that. Government workers, working hand in hand with private business, rebuilt southern California's fractured freeways in rerd time and under budget. And because the Federal Government moved fast, all but one of the , schools damaged in the earthquake are back in business.  Now, there are a lot of other things that I uld talk about. I want to just mention one because it will be discussed here in the next few weeks. University administrators all over the untry have told me that they are saving weeks and weeks of bureaucratic time now because of our direct llege loan program, which makes llege loans cheaper and more affordable with better repayment terms for students, sts the Government less, and cuts out paperwork and bureaucracy for the Government and for the universities. We shouldn't cap that program. We should give every llege in America the opportunity to be a part of it.  Previous Government programs gathered dust. The reinventing Government report is getting results. And we're not through. There's going to be a send round of reinventing Government. We propose to cut billion in spending by shrinking departments, extending our freeze on domestic spending, cutting public housing programs down to , getting rid of over programs we do not need, like the Interstate Commerce Commission and the Helium Reserve Program. And we're working on getting rid of unnecessary regulations and making them more sensible. The programs and regulations that have outlived their usefulness should go. We have to cut yesterday's Government to help solve tomorrow's problems.  And we need to get Government closer to the people it's meant to serve. We need to help move programs down to the point where States and mmunities and private citizens in the private sector can do a better job. If they can do it, we ought to let them do it. We should get out of the way and let them do what they can do better. Taking power away from Federal bureaucracies and giving it back to mmunities and individuals is something everyone should be able to be for.  It's time for Congress to stop passing on to the States the st of decisions we make here in Washington. I know there are still serious differences over the details of the unfunded mandates legislation, but I want to work with you to make sure we pass a reasonable bill which will protect the national interests and give justified relief where we need to give it.  For years, Congress ncealed in the budget sres of pet spending projects. Last year was no difference. There was a million to study stress in plants and million for a tick removal program that didn't work. It's hard to remove ticks. Those of us who have had them know. Laughter] But I'll tell you something, if you'll give me line-item veto, I'll remove some of that unnecessary spending.  But I think we should all remember, and almost all of us would agree, that Government still has important responsibilities. Our young people—we should think of this when we cut— our young people hold our future in their hands. We still owe a debt to our veterans. And our senior citizens have made us what we are. Now, my budget cuts a lot. But it protects education, veterans, Social Security, and Medicare, and I hope you will do the same thing. You should, and I hope you will.  And when we give more flexibility to the States, let us remember that there are certain fundamental national needs that should be addressed in every State, North and South, East and West: Immunization against childhood disease, school lunches in all our schools, Head Start, medical care and nutrition for pregnant women and infants, all these things, all these things are in the national interest.  I applaud your desire to get rid of stly and unnecessary regulations. But when we deregulate, let's remember what national action in the national interest has given us: safer food for our families, safer toys for our children, safer nursing homes for our parents, safer cars and highways, and safer workplaces, cleaner air, and cleaner water. Do we need mmon sense and fairness in our regulations? You bet we do. But we can have mmon sense and still provide for safe drinking water. We can have fairness and still clean up toxic dumps, and we ought to do it.  Should we cut the deficit more? Well, of urse we should. Of urse we should. But we can bring it down in a way that still protects our enomic revery and does not unduly punish people who should not be punished but instead should be helped.  I know many of you in this Chamber support the balanced budget amendment. I certainly want to balance the budget. Our administration has done more to bring the budget down and to save money than any in a very, very long time. If you believe passing this amendment is the right thing to do, then you have to be straight with the American people. They have a right to know what you're going to cut, what taxes you're going to raise, and how it's going to affect them. We should be doing things in the open around here. For example, everybody ought to know if this proposal is going to endanger Social Security. I would oppose that, and I think most Americans would.  Nothing has done more to undermine our sense of mmon responsibility than our failed welfare system. This is one of the problems we have to face here in Washington in our New Covenant. It rewards welfare over work. It undermines family values. It lets millions of parents get away without paying their child support.  It keeps a minority but a significant minority of the people on welfare trapped on it for a very long time.  I've worked on this problem for a long time, nearly years now. As a Governor, I had the honor of working with the Reagan administration to write the last welfare reform bill back in . In the last years, we made a good start at ntinuing the work of welfare reform. Our administration gave two dozen States the right to slash through Federal rules and regulations to reform their own welfare systems and to try to promote work and responsibility over welfare and dependency.  Last year I introduced the most sweeping welfare reform plan ever presented by an administration. We have to make welfare what it was meant to be, a send chance, not a way of life. We have to help those on welfare move to work as quickly as possible, to provide child care and teach them skills, if that's what they need, for up to years. And after that, there ought to be a simple, hard rule: Anyone who can work must go to work. If a parent isn't paying child support, they should be forced to pay. We should suspend drivers' license, track them across State lines, make them work off what they owe. That is what we should do. Governments do not raise children, people do. And the parents must take responsibility for the children they bring into this world.  I want to work with you, with all of you, to pass welfare reform. But our goal must be to liberate people and lift them up from dependence to independence, from welfare to work, from mere childbearing to responsible parenting. Our goal should not be to punish them because they happen to be poor.  We should, we should require work and mutual responsibility. But we shouldn't cut people off just because they're poor, they're young, or even because they're unmarried. We should promote responsibility by requiring young mothers to live at home with their parents or in other supervised settings, by requiring them to finish school. But we shouldn't put them and their children out on the street. And I know all the arguments, pro and n, and I have read and thought about this for a long time. I still don't think we can in good nscience punish poor children for the mistakes of their parents.  My fellow Americans, every single survey shows that all the American people care about this without regard to party or race or region.  So let this be the year we end welfare as we know it. But also let this be the year that we are all able to stop using this issue to divide America. No one is more eager to end welfare— applause]—I may be the only President who has actually had the opportunity to sit in a welfare office, who's actually spent hours and hours talking to people on welfare. And I am telling you, the people who are trapped on it know it doesn't work; they also want to get off. So we can promote, together, education and work and good parenting. I have no problem with punishing bad behavior or the refusal to be a worker or a student or a responsible parent. I just don't want to punish poverty and past mistakes. All of us have made our mistakes, and none of us can change our yesterdays. But every one of us can change our tomorrows. And America's best example of that may be Lynn Woolsey, who worked her way off welfare to beme a Congresswoman from the State of California.  I know the Members of this Congress are ncerned about crime, as are all the citizens of our untry. And I remind you that last year we passed a very tough crime bill: longer sentences, three strikes and you're out," almost new capital punishment offenses, more prisons, more prevention, , more police. And we paid for it all by reducing the size of the Federal bureaucracy and giving the money back to local mmunities to lower the crime rate.  There may be other things we can do to be tougher on crime, to be smarter with crime, to help to lower that rate first. Well, if there are, let's talk about them, and let's do them. But let's not go back on the things that we did last year that we know work, that we know work because the local law enforcement officers tell us that we did the right thing, because local mmunity leaders who have worked for years and years to lower the crime rate tell us that they work. Let's look at the experience of our cities and our rural areas where the crime rate has gone down and ask the people who did it how they did it. And if what we did last year supports the decline in the crime rate— and I am nvinced that it does—let us not go back on it. Let's stick with it, implement it. We've got more hard years of work to do to do that.  I don't want to destroy the good atmosphere in the room or in the untry tonight, but I have to mention one issue that divided this body greatly last year. The last Congress also passed the Brady bill and, in the crime bill, the ban on assault weapons. I don't think it's a secret to anybody in this room that several Members of the last Congress who voted for that aren't here tonight because they voted for it. And I know, therefore, that some of you who are here because they voted for it are under enormous pressure to repeal it. I just have to tell you how I feel about it.  The Members of Congress who voted for that bill and I would never do anything to infringe on the right to keep and bear arms to hunt and to engage in other appropriate sporting activities. I've done it since I was a boy, and I'm going to keep right on doing it until I can't do it anymore. But a lot of people laid down their seats in Congress so that police officers and kids wouldn't have to lay down their lives under a hail of assault weapon attack, and I will not let that be repealed. I will not let it be repealed.  I'd like to talk about a uple of other issues we have to deal with. I want us to cut more spending, but I hope we won't cut Government programs that help to prepare us for the new enomy, promote responsibility, and are organized from the grassroots up, not by Federal bureaucracy. The very best example of this is the national service rps, AmeriCorps. It passed with strong bipartisan support. And now there are , Americans, more than ever served in one year in the Peace Corps, working all over this untry, helping people person-to-person in local grassroots volunteer groups, solving problems, and in the process earning some money for their education. This is citizenship at its best. It's good for the AmeriCorps members, but it's good for the rest of us, too. It's the essence of the New Covenant, and we shouldn't stop it.  All Americans, not only in the States most heavily affected but in every place in this untry, are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our untry. The jobs they hold might otherwise be held by citizens or legal immigrants. The public service they use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a rerd number of new border guards, by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before, by cracking down on illegal hiring, by barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens. In the budget I will present to you, we will try to do more to speed the deportation of illegal aliens who are arrested for crimes, to better identify illegal aliens in the workplace as remmended by the mmission headed by former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years, and we must do more to stop it.  The most important job of our Government in this new era is to empower the American people to succeed in the global enomy. America has always been a land of opportunity, a land where, if you work hard, you can get ahead. We've beme a great middle class untry. Middle class values sustain us. We must expand that middle class and shrink the under class, even as we do everything we can to support the millions of Americans who are already successful in the new enomy.  America is once again the world's strongest enomic power: almost million new jobs in the last years, exports booming, inflation down. High-wage jobs are ming back. A rerd number of American entrepreneurs are living the American dream. If we want it to stay that way, those who work and lift our Nation must have more of its benefits.  Today, too many of those people are being left out. They're working harder for less. They have less security, less inme, less certainty that they can even afford a vacation, much less llege for their kids or retirement for themselves. We cannot let this ntinue. If we don't act, our enomy will probably keep doing what it's been doing since about , when the inme growth began to go to those at the very top of our enomic scale and the people in the vast middle got very little growth, and people who worked like crazy but were on the bottom then fell even further and further behind in the years afterward, no matter how hard they worked.  We've got to have a Government that can be a real partner in making this new enomy work for all of our people, a Government that helps each and every one of us to get an education and to have the opportunity to renew our skills. That's why we worked so hard to increase educational opportunities in the last years, from Head Start to public schools, to apprenticeships for young people who don't go to llege, to making llege loans more available and more affordable. That's the first thing we have to do. We've got to do something to empower people to improve their skills.  The send thing we ought to do is to help people raise their inmes immediately by lowering their taxes. We took the first step in with a working family tax cut for million families with inmes under ,, a tax cut that this year will average about , a family. And we also gave tax reductions to most small and new businesses. Before we uld do more than that, we first had to bring down the deficit we inherited, and we had to get enomic growth up. Now we've done both. And now we can cut taxes in a more mprehensive way. But tax cuts should reinforce and promote our first obligation: to empower our citizens through education and training to make the most of their own lives. The spotlight should shine on those who make the right choices for themselves, their families, and their mmunities.  I have proposed the middle class bill of rights, which should properly be called the bill of rights and responsibilities because its provisions only benefit those who are working to educate and raise their children and to educate themselves. It will, therefore, give needed tax relief and raise inmes in both the short run and the long run in a way that benefits all of us.  There are four provisions. First, a tax deduction for all education and training after high school. If you think about it, we permit businesses to deduct their investment, we permit individuals to deduct interest on their home mortgages, but today an education is even more important to the enomic well-being of our whole untry than even those things are. We should do everything we can to enurage it. And I hope you will support it. Send, we ought to cut taxes for families with children under . Third, we ought to foster more savings and personal responsibility by permitting people to establish an individual retirement acunt and withdraw from it, tax-free, for the st of education, health care, first-time homebuying, or the care of a parent. And fourth, we should pass a GI bill" for America's workers. We propose to llapse nearly Federal programs and not give the money to the States but give the money directly to the American people, offer vouchers to them so that they, if they're laid off or if they're working for a very low wage, can get a voucher worth , a year for up to years to go to their local mmunity lleges or wherever else they want to get the skills they need to improve their lives. Let's empower people in this way, move it from the Government directly to the workers of America.  Now, any one of us can call for a tax cut, but I won't accept one that explodes the deficit or puts our revery at risk. We ought to pay for our tax cuts fully and honestly.  Just years ago, it was an open question whether we would find the strength to cut the deficit. Thanks to the urage of the people who were here then, many of whom didn't return, we did cut the deficit. We began to do what others said would not be done. We cut the deficit by over billion, about , for every family in this untry. It's ming down years in a row for the first time since Mr. Truman was President, and I don't think anybody in America wants us to let it explode again.  In the budget I will send you, the middle class bill of rights is fully paid for by budget cuts in bureaucracy, cuts in programs, cuts in special interest subsidies. And the spending cuts will more than double the tax cuts. My budget pays for the middle class bill of rights without any cuts in Medicare. And I will oppose any attempts to pay for tax cuts with Medicare cuts. That's not the right thing to do.  I know that a lot of you have your own ideas about tax relief, and some of them I find quite interesting. I really want to work with all of you. My test for our proposals will be: Will it create jobs and raise inmes; will it strengthen our families and support our children; is it paid for; will it build the middle class and shrink the under class? If it does, I'll support it. But if it doesn't, I won't.  The goal of building the middle class and shrinking the under class is also why I believe that you should raise the minimum wage. It rewards work. Two and a half million Americans, two and a half million Americans, often women with children, are working out there today for . an hour. In terms of real buying power, by next year that minimum wage will be at a -year low. That's not my idea of how the new enomy ought to work.  Now, I've studied the arguments and the evidence for and against a minimum wage increase. I believe the weight of the evidence is that a modest increase does not st jobs and may even lure people back into the job market. But the most important thing is, you can't make a living on . an hour, especially if you have children, even with the working families tax cut we passed last year. In the past, the minimum wage has been a bipartisan issue, and I think it should be again. So I want to challenge you to have honest hearings on this, to get together, to find a way to make the minimum wage a living wage.  Members of Congress have been here less than a month, but by the end of the week, days into the new year, every Member of Congress will have earned as much in ngressional salary as a minimum wage worker makes all year long.  Everybody else here, including the President, has something else that too many Americans do without, and that's health care. Now, last year we almost came to blows over health care, but we didn't do anything. And the ld, hard fact is that, since last year, since I was here, another . million Americans in working families have lost their health care. And the ld, hard fact is that many millions more, most of them farmers and small business people and self-employed people, have seen their premiums skyrocket, their pays and deductibles go up. There's a whole bunch of people in this untry that in the statistics have health insurance but really what they've got is a piece of paper that says they won't lose their home if they get sick.  Now, I still believe our untry has got to move toward providing health security for every American family. But I know that last year, as the evidence indicates, we bit off more than we uld chew. So I'm asking you that we work together. Let's do it step by step. Let's do whatever we have to do to get something done. Let's at least pass meaningful insurance reform so that no American risks losing verage for facing skyrocketing prices, that nobody loses their verage because they face high prices or unavailable insurance when they change jobs or lose a job or a family member gets sick.  I want to work together with all of you who have an interest in this, with the Democrats who worked on it last time, with the Republican leaders like Senator Dole, who has a longtime mmitment to health care reform and made some nstructive proposals in this area last year. We ought to make sure that self-employed people in small businesses can buy insurance at more affordable rates through voluntary purchasing pools. We ought to help families provide long-term care for a sick parent or a disabled child. We can work to help workers who lose their jobs at least keep their health insurance verage for a year while they look for work. And we can find a way—it may take some time, but we can find a way—to make sure that our children have health care.  You know, I think everybody in this room, without regard to party, can be proud of the fact that our untry was rated as having the world's most productive enomy for the first time in nearly a decade. But we can't be proud of the fact that we're the only wealthy untry in the world that has a smaller percentage of the work force and their children with health insurance today than we did years ago, the last time we were the most productive enomy in the world. So let's work together on this. It is too important for politics as usual.  Much of what the American people are thinking about tonight is what we've already talked about. A lot of people think that the security ncerns of America today are entirely internal to our borders. They relate to the security of our jobs and our homes and our inmes and our children, our streets, our health, and protecting those borders. Now that the ld war has passed, it's tempting to believe that all the security issues, with the possible exception of trade, reside here at home. But it's not so. Our security still depends upon our ntinued world leadership for peace and freedom and democracy. We still can't be strong at home unless we're strong abroad.  The financial crisis in Mexi is a case in point. I know it's not popular to say it tonight, but we have to act, not for the Mexican people but for the sake of the millions of Americans whose livelihoods are tied to Mexi's wellbeing. If we want to secure American jobs, preserve American exports, safeguard America's borders, then we must pass the stabilization program and help to put Mexi back on track.  Now let me repeat: It's not a loan. It's not foreign aid. It's not a bailout. We will be given a guarantee like signing a note, with good llateral that will ver our risks. This legislation is the right thing for America. That's why the bipartisan leadership has supported it. And I hope you in Congress will pass it quickly. It is in our interest, and we can explain it to the American people because we're going to do it in the right way.  You know, tonight, this is the first State of the Union Address ever delivered since the beginning of the ld war when not a single Russian missile is pointed at the children of America. And along with the Russians, we're on our way to destroying the missiles and the bombers that carry , nuclear warheads. We've me so far so fast in this post-ld-war world that it's easy to take the decline of the nuclear threat for granted. But it's still there, and we aren't finished yet.  This year I'll ask the Senate to approve START II to eliminate weapons that carry , more warheads. The United States will lead the charge to extend indefinitely the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, to enact a mprehensive nuclear test ban, and to eliminate chemical weapons. To stop and roll back North Korea's potentially deadly nuclear program, we'll ntinue to implement the agreement we have reached with that nation. It's smart. It's tough. It's a deal based on ntinuing inspection with safeguards for our allies and ourselves.  This year I'll submit to Congress mprehensive legislation to strengthen our hand in mbating terrorists, whether they strike at home or abroad. As the wards who bombed the World Trade Center found out, this untry will hunt down terrorists and bring them to justice.  Just this week, another horrendous terrorist act in Israel killed and injured sres more. On behalf of the American people and all of you, I send our deepest sympathy to the families of the victims. I know that in the face of such evil, it is hard for the people in the Middle East to go forward. But the terrorists represent the past, not the future. We must and we will pursue a mprehensive peace between Israel and all her neighbors in the Middle East.  Acrdingly, last night I signed an Executive order that will block the assets in the United States of terrorist organizations that threaten to disrupt the peace process. It prohibits financial transactions with these groups. And tonight I call on all our allies and peace-loving nations throughout the world to join us with renewed fervor in a global effort to mbat terrorism. We cannot permit the future to be marred by terror and fear and paralysis.  From the day I took the oath of office, I pledged that our Nation would maintain the best equipped, best trained, and best prepared military on Earth. We have, and they are. They have managed the dramatic downsizing of our forces after the ld war with remarkable skill and spirit. But to make sure our military is ready for action and to provide the pay and the quality of life the military and their families deserve, I'm asking the Congress to add billion in defense spending over the next years.  I have visited many bases at home and around the world since I became President. Tonight I repeat that request with renewed nviction. We ask a very great deal of our Armed Forces. Now that they are smaller in number, we ask more of them. They go out more often to more different places and stay longer. They are called to service in many, many ways. And we must give them and their families what the times demand and what they have earned.  Just think about what our troops have done in the last year, showing America at its best, helping to save hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda, moving with lightning speed to head off another threat to Kuwait, giving freedom and democracy back to the people of Haiti. We have proudly supported peace and prosperity and freedom from South Africa to Northern Ireland, from Central and Eastern Europe to Asia, from Latin America to the Middle East. All these endeavors are good in those places, but they make our future more nfident and more secure.  Well, my fellow Americans, that's my agenda for America's future: expanding opportunity, not bureaucracy; enhancing security at home and abroad; empowering our people to make the most of their own lives. It's ambitious and achievable, but it's not enough. We even need more than new ideas for changing the world or equipping Americans to mpete in the new enomy, more than a Government that's smaller, smarter, and wiser, more than all of the changes we can make in Government and in the private sector from the outside in.  Our fortunes and our posterity also depend upon our ability to answer some questions from within, from the values and voices that speak to our hearts as well as our heads; voices that tell us we have to do more to accept responsibility for ourselves and our families, for our mmunities, and yes, for our fellow citizens. We see our families and our mmunities all over this untry ming apart, and we feel the mmon ground shifting from under us. The PTA, the town hall meeting, the ball park, it's hard for a lot of overworked parents to find the time and space for those things that strengthen the bonds of trust and operation. Too many of our children don't even have parents and grandparents who can give them those experiences that they need to build their own character and their sense of identity.  We all know that while we here in this Chamber can make a difference on those things, that the real differences will be made by our fellow citizens, where they work and where they live and that it will be made almost without regard to party. When I used to go to the softball park in Little Rock to watch my daughter's league and people would me up to me, fathers and mothers, and talk to me, I can honestly say I had no idea whether percent of them were Republicans or Democrats. When I visited the relief centers after the floods in California, northern California, last week, a woman came up to me and did something that very few of you would do. She hugged me and said, Mr. President, I'm a Republican, but I'm glad you're here." Laughter]  Now, why? We can't wait for disasters to act the way we used to act every day, because as we move into this next century, everybody matters. We don't have a person to waste. And a lot of people are losing a lot of chances to do better. That means that we need a New Covenant for everybody.  For our rporate and business leaders, we're going to work here to keep bringing the deficit down, to expand markets, to support their success in every possible way. But they have an obligation when they're doing well to keep jobs in our mmunities and give their workers a fair share of the prosperity they generate.  For people in the entertainment industry in this untry, we applaud your creativity and your worldwide success, and we support your freedom of expression. But you do have a responsibility to assess the impact of your work and to understand the damage that mes from the incessant, repetitive, mindless violence and irresponsible nduct that permeates our media all the time.  We've got to ask our mmunity leaders and all kinds of organizations to help us stop our most serious social problem, the epidemic of teen pregnancies and births where there is no marriage. I have sent to Congress a plan to target schools all over this untry with antipregnancy programs that work. But Government can only do so much. Tonight I call on parents and leaders all across this untry to join together in a national campaign against teen pregnancy to make a difference. We can do this, and we must.  And I would like to say a special word to our religious leaders. You know, I'm proud of the fact the United States has more houses of worship per capita than any untry in the world. These people who lead our houses of worship can ignite their ngregations to carry their faith into action, can reach out to all of our children, to all of the people in distress, to those who have been savaged by the breakdown of all we hold dear. Because so much of what must be done must me from the inside out and our religious leaders and their ngregations can make all the difference, they have a role in the New Covenant as well.  There must be more responsibility for all of our citizens. You know, it takes a lot of people to help all the kids in trouble stay off the streets and in school. It takes a lot of people to build the Habitat for Humanity houses that the Speaker celebrates on his lapel pin. It takes a lot of people to provide the people power for all of the civic organizations in this untry that made our mmunities mean so much to most of us when we were kids. It takes every parent to teach the children the difference between right and wrong and to enurage them to learn and grow and to say no to the wrong things but also to believe that they can be whatever they want to be.  I know it's hard when you're working harder for less, when you're under great stress, to do these things. A lot of our people don't have the time or the emotional stress, they think, to do the work of citizenship.  Most of us in politics haven't helped very much. For years, we've mostly treated citizens like they were nsumers or spectators, sort of political uch potatoes who were supposed to watch the TV ads either promise them something for nothing or play on their fears and frustrations. And more and more of our citizens now get most of their information in very negative and aggressive ways that are hardly nducive to honest and open nversations. But the truth is, we have got to stop seeing each other as enemies just because we have different views.  If you go back to the beginning of this untry, the great strength of America, as de Tocqueville pointed out when he came here a long time ago, has always been our ability to associate with people who were different from ourselves and to work together to find mmon ground. And in this day, everybody has a responsibility to do more of that. We simply cannot want for a tornado, a fire, or a flood to behave like Americans ought to behave in dealing with one another.  I want to finish up here by pointing out some folks that are up with the First Lady that represent what I'm trying to talk about—citizens. I have no idea what their party affiliation is or who they voted for in the last election. But they represent what we ought to be doing.  Cindy Perry teaches send graders to read in AmeriCorps in rural Kentucky. She gains when she gives. She's a mother of four. She says that her service inspired her to get her high school equivalency last year. She was married when she was a teenager—stand up, Cindy. She was married when she was a teenager. She had four children. But she had time to serve other people, to get her high school equivalency, and she's going to use her AmeriCorps money to go back to llege.  Chief Stephen Bishop is the police chief of Kansas City. He's been a national leader—stand up, Steve. He's been a national leader in using more police in mmunity policing, and he's worked with AmeriCorps to do it. And the crime rate in Kansas City has gone down as a result of what he did.  Corporal Gregory Depestre went to Haiti as part of his adopted untry's force to help secure democracy in his native land. And I might add, we must be the only untry in the world that uld have gone to Haiti and taken Haitian-Americans there who uld speak the language and talk to the people. And he was one of them, and we're proud of him.  The next two folks I've had the honor of meeting and getting to know a little bit, the Reverend John and the Reverend Diana Cherry of the A.M.E. Zion Church in Temple Hills, Maryland. I'd like to ask them to stand. I want to tell you about them. In the early eighties, they left Government service and formed a church in a small living room in a small house, in the early eighties. Today that church has , members. It is one of the three or four biggest churches in the entire United States. It grows by a month. They do it together. And the special focus of their ministry is keeping families together.  Two things they did make a big impression on me. I visited their church once, and I learned they were building a new sanctuary closer to the Washington, DC, line in a higher crime, higher drug rate area because they thought it was part of their ministry to change the lives of the people who needed them. The send thing I want to say is that once Reverend Cherry was at a meeting at the White House with some other religious leaders, and he left early to go back to this church to minister to uples that he had brought back to his church from all over America to nvince them to me back together, to save their marriages, and to raise their kids. This is the kind of work that citizens are doing in America. We need more of it, and it ought to be lifted up and supported.  The last person I want to introduce is Jack Lucas from Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Jack, would you stand up? Fifty years ago, in the sands of Iwo Jima, Jack Lucas taught and learned the lessons of citizenship. On February th, , he and three of his buddies enuntered the enemy and two grenades at their feet. Jack Lucas threw himself on both of them. In that moment, he saved the lives of his mpanions, and miraculously in the next instant, a medic saved his life. He gained a foothold for freedom, and at the age of , just a year older than his grandson who is up there with him today— and his son, who is a West Point graduate and a veteran—at , Jack Lucas became the youngest Marine in history and the youngest soldier in this century to win the Congressional Medal of Honor. All these years later, yesterday, here's what he said about that day: It didn't matter where you were from or who you were, you relied on one another. You did it for your untry."  We all gain when we give, and we reap what we sow. That's at the heart of this New Covenant. Responsibility, opportunity, and citizenship, more than stale chapters in some remote civic book, they're still the virtue by which we can fulfill ourselves and reach our God-given potential and be like them and also to fulfill the eternal promise of this untry, the enduring dream from that first and most sacred venant. I believe every person in this untry still believes that we are created equal and given by our Creator the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. This is a very, very great untry. And our best days are still to me.  Thank you, and God bless you all.  Thank you very much. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the th Congress, distinguished guests, my fellow Americans all across our land: Let me begin tonight by saying to our men and women in uniform around the world and especially those helping peace take root in Bosnia and to their families, I thank you. America is very, very proud of you.  My duty tonight is to report on the state of the Union, not the state of our Government but of our American mmunity, and to set forth our responsibilities, in the words of our Founders, to form a more perfect Union.  The state of the Union is strong. Our enomy is the healthiest it has been in three decades. We have the lowest mbined rates of unemployment and inflation in years. We have mpleted—created nearly million new jobs, over a million of them in basic industries like nstruction and automobiles. America is selling more cars than Japan for the first time since the 's. And for years in a row, we have had a rerd number of new businesses started in our untry.  Our leadership in the world is also strong, bringing hope for new peace. And perhaps most important, we are gaining ground in restoring our fundamental values. The crime rate, the welfare and food stamp rolls, the poverty rate, and the teen pregnancy rate are all down. And as they go down, prospects for America's future go up.  We live in an age of possibility. A hundred years ago we moved from farm to factory. Now we move to an age of technology, information, and global mpetition. These changes have opened vast new opportunities for our people, but they have also presented them with stiff challenges. While more Americans are living better, too many of our fellow citizens are working harder just to keep up, and they are rightly ncerned about the security of their families.  We must answer here three fundamental questions: First, how do we make the American dream of opportunity for all a reality for all Americans who are willing to work for it? Send, how do we preserve our old and enduring values as we move into the future? And third, how do we meet these challenges together, as one America?  We know big Government does not have all the answers. We know there's not a program for every problem. We know, and we have worked to give the American people a smaller, less bureaucratic Government in Washington. And we have to give the American people one that lives within its means. The era of big Government is over. But we cannot go back to the time when our citizens were left to fend for themselves.  Instead, we must go forward as one America, one nation working together to meet the challenges we face together. Self-reliance and teamwork are not opposing virtues; we must have both. I believe our new, smaller Government must work in an old-fashioned American way, together with all of our citizens through State and local governments, in the workplace, in religious, charitable, and civic associations. Our goal must be to enable all our people to make the most of their own lives, with stronger families, more educational opportunity, enomic security, safer streets, a cleaner environment in a safer world.  To improve the state of our Union, we must ask more of ourselves, we must expect more of each other, and we must face our challenges together.  Here, in this place, our responsibility begins with balancing the budget in a way that is fair to all Americans. There is now broad bipartisan agreement that permanent deficit spending must me to an end. I mpliment the Republican leadership and the membership for the energy and determination you have brought to this task of balancing the budget. And I thank the Democrats for passing the largest deficit reduction plan in history in , which has already cut the deficit nearly in half in years.  Since , we have all begun to see the benefits of deficit reduction. Lower interest rates have made it easier for businesses to borrow and to invest and to create new jobs. Lower interest rates have brought down the st of home mortgages, car payments, and credit card rates to ordinary citizens. Now it is time to finish the job and balance the budget.  Though differences remain among us which are significant, the mbined total of the proposed savings that are mmon to both plans is more than enough, using the numbers from your Congressional Budget Office, to balance the budget in years and to provide a modest tax cut.  These cuts are real. They will require sacrifice from everyone. But these cuts do not undermine our fundamental obligations to our parents, our children, and our future by endangering Medicare or Medicaid or education or the environment or by raising taxes on working families.  I have said before, and let me say again, many good ideas have me out of our negotiations. I have learned a lot about the way both Republicans and Democrats view the debate before us. I have learned a lot about the good ideas that each side has that we uld all embrace.  We ought to resolve our remaining differences. I am willing to work to resolve them. I am ready to meet tomorrow. But I ask you to nsider that we should at least enact these savings that both plans have in mmon and give the American people their balanced budget, a tax cut, lower interest rates, and a brighter future. We should do that now and make permanent deficits yesterday's legacy.  Now it is time for us to look also to the challenges of today and tomorrow, beyond the burdens of yesterday. The challenges are significant. But our Nation was built on challenges. America was built on challenges, not promises. And when we work together to meet them, we never fail. That is the key to a more perfect Union. Our individual dreams must be realized by our mmon efforts.  Tonight I want to speak to you about the challenges we all face as a people. Our first challenge is to cherish our children and strengthen America's families. Family is the foundation of American life. If we have stronger families, we will have a stronger America.  Before I go on, I'd like to take just a moment to thank my own family and to thank the person who has taught me more than anyone else over years about the importance of families and children, a wonderful wife, a magnificent mother, and a great First Lady. Thank you, Hillary.  All strong families begin with taking more responsibility for our children. I've heard Mrs. Gore say that it's hard to be a parent today, but it's even harder to be a child. So all of us, not just as parents but all of us in our other roles—our media, our schools, our teachers, our mmunities, our churches and synagogues, our businesses, our governments—all of us have a responsibility to help our children to make it and to make the most of their lives and their God-given capacities.  To the media, I say you should create movies and CD's and television shows you'd want your own children and grandchildren to enjoy.  I call on Congress to pass the requirement for a V-chip in TV sets so that parents can screen out programs they believe are inappropriate for their children. When parents ntrol what their young children see, that is not censorship; that is enabling parents to assume more personal responsibility for their children's upbringing. And I urge them to do it. The Vchip requirement is part of the important telemmunications bill now pending in this Congress. It has bipartisan support, and I urge you to pass it now.  To make the V-chip work, I challenge the broadcast industry to do what movies have done, to identify your program in ways that help parents to protect their children. And I invite the leaders of major media rporations in the entertainment industry to me to the White House next month to work with us in a positive way on ncrete ways to improve what our children see on television. I am ready to work with you.  I say to those who make and market cigarettes, every year a million children take up smoking, even though it's against the law. Three hundred thousand of them will have their lives shortened as a result. Our administration has taken steps to stop the massive marketing campaigns that appeal to our children. We are simply saying: Market your products to adults, if you wish, but draw the line on children.  I say to those who are on welfare, and especially to those who have been trapped on welfare for a long time: For too long our welfare system has undermined the values of family and work instead of supporting them. The Congress and I are near agreement on sweeping welfare reform. We agree on time limits, tough work requirements, and the toughest possible child support enforcement. But I believe we must also provide child care so that mothers who are required to go to work can do so without worrying about what is happening to their children.  I challenge this Congress to send me a bipartisan welfare reform bill that will really move people from welfare to work and do the right thing by our children. I will sign it immediately.  Let us be candid about this difficult problem. Passing a law, even the best possible law, is only a first step. The next step is to make it work. I challenge people on welfare to make the most of this opportunity for independence. I challenge American businesses to give people on welfare the chance to move into the work force. I applaud the work of religious groups and others who care for the poor. More than anyone else in our society, they know the true difficulty of the task before us, and they are in a position to help. Every one of us should join them. That is the only way we can make real welfare reform a reality in the lives of the American people.  To strengthen the family we must do everything we can to keep the teen pregnancy rate going down. I am gratified, as I'm sure all Americans are, that it has dropped for years in a row. But we all know it is still far too high. Tonight I am pleased to announce that a group of prominent Americans is responding to that challenge by forming an organization that will support grassroots mmunity efforts all across our untry in a national campaign against teen pregnancy. And I challenge all of us and every American to join their efforts.  I call on American men and women in families to give greater respect to one another. We must end the deadly surge of domestic violence in our untry. And I challenge America's families to work harder to stay together. For families who stay together not only do better enomically, their children do better as well.  In particular, I challenge the fathers of this untry to love and care for their children. If your family has separated, you must pay your child support. We're doing more than ever to make sure you do, and we're going to do more. But let's all admit something about that, too: A check will never substitute for a parent's love and guidance. And only you—only you can make the decision to help raise your children. No matter who you are, how low or high your station in life, it is the most basic human duty of every American to do that job to the best of his or her ability.  Our send challenge is to provide Americans with the educational opportunities we'll all need for this new century. In our schools, every classroom in America must be nnected to the information superhighway, with mputers and good software and well-trained teachers. We are working with the telemmunications industry, educators, and parents to nnect percent of California's classrooms by this spring, and every classroom and every library in the entire United States by the year . I ask Congress to support this education technology initiative so that we can make sure this national partnership succeeds.  Every diploma ought to mean something. I challenge every mmunity, every school, and every State to adopt national standards of excellence, to measure whether schools are meeting those standards, to cut bureaucratic redtape so that schools and teachers have more flexibility for grassroots reform, and to hold them acuntable for results. That's what our Goals initiative is all about. I challenge every State to give all parents the right to choose which public school their children will attend and to let teachers form new schools with a charter they can keep only if they do a good job.  I challenge all our schools to teach character education, to teach good values and good citizenship. And if it means that teenagers will stop killing each other over designer jackets, then our public schools should be able to require their students to wear school uniforms.  I challenge our parents to beme their children's first teachers. Turn off the TV. See that the homework is done. And visit your children's classroom. No program, no teacher, no one else can do that for you.  My fellow Americans, higher education is more important today than ever before. We've created a new student loan program that's made it easier to borrow and repay those loans, and we have dramatically cut the student loan default rate. That's something we should all be proud of because it was unnscionably high just a few years ago.  Through AmeriCorps, our national service program, this year , young people will earn llege money by serving their local mmunities to improve the lives of their friends and neighbors.  These initiatives are right for America, and we should keep them going. And we should also work hard to open the doors of llege even wider. I challenge Congress to expand work-study and help one million young Americans work their way through llege by the year , to provide a , merit scholarship for the top percent of graduates in every high school in the United States, to expand Pell grant scholarships for deserving and needy students, and to make up to , a year of llege tuition tax deductible. It's a good idea for America.  Our third challenge is to help every American who is willing to work for it achieve enomic security in this new age. People who work hard still need support to get ahead in the new enomy. They need education and training for a lifetime. They need more support for families raising children. They need retirement security. They need access to health care. More and more Americans are finding that the education of their childhood simply doesn't last a lifetime.  So I challenge Congress to nsolidate overlapping, antiquated job training programs into a simple voucher worth , for unemployed or underemployed workers to use as they please for mmunity llege tuition or other training. This is a GI bill" for America's workers we should all be able to agree on.  More and more Americans are working hard without a raise. Congress sets the minimum wage. Within a year, the minimum wage will fall to a -year low in purchasing power. Four dollars and cents an hour is no longer a minimum wage, but millions of Americans and their children are trying to live on it. I challenge you to raise their minimum wage.  In , Congress cut the taxes of million hard-pressed working families to make sure that no parents who work full time would have to raise their children in poverty and to enurage people to move from welfare to work. This expanded earned-inme tax credit is now worth about , a year to a family of four living on ,. The budget bill I vetoed would have reversed this achievement and raised taxes on nearly million of these people. We should not do that. We should not do that.  But I also agree that the people who are helped under this initiative are not all those in our untry who are working hard to do a good job raising their children and at work. I agree that we need a tax credit for working families with children. That's one of the things most of us in this Chamber, I hope, can agree on. I know it is strongly supported by the Republican majority. And it should be part of any final budget agreement.  I want to challenge every business that can possibly afford it to provide pensions for your employees. And I challenge Congress to pass a proposal remmended by the White House Conference on Small Business that would make it easier for small businesses and farmers to establish their own pension plans. That is something we should all agree on.  We should also protect existing pension plans. Two years ago, with bipartisan support that was almost unanimous on both sides of the aisle, we moved to protect the pensions of million working people and to stabilize the pensions of million more. Congress should not now let mpanies endanger those workers' pension funds. I know the proposal to liberalize the ability of employers to take money out of pension funds for other purposes would raise money for the Treasury, but I believe it is false enomy. I vetoed that proposal last year, and I would have to do so again.  Finally, if our working families are going to succeed in the new enomy, they must be able to buy health insurance policies that they do not lose when they change jobs or when someone in their family gets sick. Over the past years, over one million Americans in working families have lost their health insurance. We have to do more to make health care available to every American. And Congress should start by passing the bipartisan bill sponsored by Senator Kennedy and Senator Kassebaum that would require insurance mpanies to stop dropping people when they switch jobs and stop denying verage for preexisting nditions. Let's all do that.  And even as we enact savings in these programs, we must have a mmon mmitment to preserve the basic protections of Medicare and Medicaid, not just to the poor but to people in working families, including children, people with disabilities, people with AIDS, senior citizens in nursing homes. In the past years, we've saved billion just by fighting health care fraud and abuse. We have all agreed to save much more. We have all agreed to stabilize the Medicare Trust Fund. But we must not abandon our fundamental obligations to the people who need Medicare and Medicaid. America cannot beme stronger if they beme weaker.  The GI bill" for workers, tax relief for education and childrearing, pension availability and protection, access to health care, preservation of Medicare and Medicaid, these things, along with the Family and Medical Leave Act passed in , these things will help responsible, hardworking American families to make the most of their own lives.  But employers and employees must do their part as well, as they are doing in so many of our finest mpanies, working together, putting the long-term prosperity ahead of the short-term gain. As workers increase their hours and their productivity, employers should make sure they get the skills they need and share the benefits of the good years as well as the burdens of the bad ones. When mpanies and workers work as a team they do better, and so does America.  Our fourth great challenge is to take our streets back from crime and gangs and drugs. At last we have begun to find a way to reduce crime, forming mmunity partnerships with local police forces to catch criminals and prevent crime. This strategy, called mmunity policing, is clearly working. Violent crime is ming down all across America. In New York City, murders are down percent; in St. Louis, percent; in Seattle, percent. But we still have a long way to go before our streets are safe and our people are free from fear.  The crime bill of is critical to the success of mmunity policing. It provides funds for , new police in mmunities of all sizes. We're already a third of the way there. And I challenge the Congress to finish the job. Let us stick with a strategy that's working and keep the crime rate ming down.  Community policing also requires bonds of trust between citizens and police. I ask all Americans to respect and support our law enforcement officers. And to our police, I say, our children need you as role models and heroes. Don't let them down.  The Brady bill has already stopped , people with criminal rerds from buying guns. The assault weapons ban is keeping kinds of assault weapons out of the hands of violent gangs. I challenge the Congress to keep those laws on the books.  Our next step in the fight against crime is to take on gangs the way we once took on the mob. I'm directing the FBI and other investigative agencies to target gangs that involve juveniles in violent crime, and to seek authority to prosecute as adults teenagers who maim and kill like adults.  And I challenge local housing authorities and tenant associations: Criminal gang members and drug dealers are destroying the lives of decent tenants. From now on, the rule for residents who mmit crime and peddle drugs should be one strike and you're out."  I challenge every State to match Federal policy to assure that serious violent criminals serve at least percent of their sentence.  More police and punishment are important, but they're not enough. We have got to keep more of our young people out of trouble, with prevention strategies not dictated by Washington but developed in mmunities. I challenge all of our mmunities, all of our adults, to give our children futures to say yes to. And I challenge Congress not to abandon the crime bill's support of these grassroots prevention efforts.  Finally, to reduce crime and violence we have to reduce the drug problem. The challenge begins in our homes, with parents talking to their children openly and firmly. It embraces our churches and synagogues, our youth groups and our schools. I challenge Congress not to cut our support for drug-free schools. People like the D.A.R.E. officers are making a real impression on grade-school children that will give them the strength to say no when the time mes.  Meanwhile, we ntinue our efforts to cut the flow of drugs into America. For the last years, one man in particular has been on the front lines of that effort. Tonight I am nominating him, a hero of the Persian Gulf war and the mmander in chief of the United States Military Southern Command, General Barry McCaffrey, as America's new drug czar. General McCaffrey has earned three Purple Hearts and two Silver Stars fighting for this untry. Tonight I ask that he lead our Nation's battle against drugs at home and abroad. To succeed, he needs a force far larger than he has ever mmanded before. He needs all of us. Every one of us has a role to play on this team.  Thank you, General McCaffrey, for agreeing to serve your untry one more time.  Our fifth challenge: to leave our environment safe and clean for the next generation. Because of a generation of bipartisan effort we do have cleaner water and air, lead levels in children's blood has been cut by percent, toxic emissions from factories cut in half. Lake Erie was dead, and now it's a thriving resource. But million children under still live within miles of a toxic waste dump. A third of us breathe air that endangers our health. And in too many mmunities the water is not safe to drink. We still have much to do.  Yet Congress has voted to cut environmental enforcement by percent. That means more toxic chemicals in our water, more smog in our air, more pesticides in our food. Lobbyists for polluters have been allowed to write their own loopholes into bills to weaken laws that protect the health and safety of our children. Some say that the taxpayer should pick up the tab for toxic waste and let polluters who can afford to fix it off the hook. I challenge Congress to reexamine those policies and to reverse them.  This issue has not been a partisan issue. The most significant environmental gains in the last years were made under a Democratic Congress and President Richard Nixon. We can work together. We have to believe some basic things. Do you believe we can expand the enomy without hurting the environment? I do. Do you believe we can create more jobs over the long run by cleaning the environment up? I know we can. That should be our mmitment.  We must challenge businesses and mmunities to take more initiative in protecting the environment, and we have to make it easier for them to do it. To businesses this administration is saying, if you can find a cheaper, more efficient way than Government regulations require to meet tough pollution standards, do it, as long as you do it right. To mmunities we say, we must strengthen mmunity right-toknow laws requiring polluters to disclose their emissions, but you have to use the information to work with business to cut pollution. People do have a right to know that their air and their water are safe.  Our sixth challenge is to maintain America's leadership in the fight for freedom and peace throughout the world. Because of American leadership, more people than ever before live free and at peace. And Americans have known years of prosperity and security.  We owe thanks especially to our veterans of World War II. I would like to say to Senator Bob Dole and to all others in this Chamber who fought in World War II, and to all others on both sides of the aisle who have fought bravely in all our nflicts since: I salute your service, and so do the American people.  All over the world, even after the ld war, people still look to us and trust us to help them seek the blessings of peace and freedom. But as the ld war fades into memory, voices of isolation say America should retreat from its responsibilities. I say they are wrong.  The threats we face today as Americans respect no nation's borders. Think of them: terrorism, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, organized crime, drug trafficking, ethnic and religious hatred, aggression by rogue states, environmental degradation. If we fail to address these threats today, we will suffer the nsequences in all our tomorrows.  Of urse, we can't be everywhere. Of urse, we can't do everything. But where our interests and our values are at stake, and where we can make a difference, America must lead. We must not be isolationist. We must not be the world's policeman. But we can and should be the world's very best peacemaker.  By keeping our military strong, by using diplomacy where we can and force where we must, by working with others to share the risk and the st of our efforts, America is making a difference for people here and around the world. For the first time since the dawn of the nuclear age—for the first time since the dawn of the nuclear age—there is not a single Russian missile pointed at America's children.  North Korea has now frozen its dangerous nuclear weapons program. In Haiti, the dictators are gone, democracy has a new day, the flow of desperate refugees to our shores has subsided. Through tougher trade deals for America, over of them, we have opened markets abroad, and now exports are at an all-time high, growing faster than imports and creating good American jobs.  We stood with those taking risks for peace: in Northern Ireland, where Catholic and Protestant children now tell their parents violence must never return; in the Middle East, where Arabs and Jews who once seemed destined to fight forever now share knowledge and resources and even dreams.  And we stood up for peace in Bosnia. Remember the skeletal prisoners, the mass graves, the campaign to rape and torture, the endless lines of refugees, the threat of a spreading war. All these threats, all these horrors have now begun to give way to the promise of peace. Now our troops and a strong NATO, together with our new partners from central Europe and elsewhere, are helping that peace to take hold.  As all of you know, I was just there with a bipartisan ngressional group, and I was so proud not only of what our troops were doing but of the pride they evidenced in what they were doing. They knew what America's mission in this world is, and they were proud to be carrying it out.  Through these efforts, we have enhanced the security of the American people, but make no mistake about it: Important challenges remain.  The START II treaty with Russia will cut our nuclear stockpiles by another percent. I urge the Senate to ratify it now. We must end the race to create new nuclear weapons by signing a truly mprehensive nuclear test ban treaty this year.  As we remember what happened in the Japanese subway, we can outlaw poison gas forever if the Senate ratifies the Chemical Weapons Convention this year. We can intensify the fight against terrorists and organized criminals at home and abroad if Congress passes the antiterrorism legislation I proposed after the Oklahoma City bombing, now. We can help more people move from hatred to hope all across the world in our own interest if Congress gives us the means to remain the world's leader for peace.  My fellow Americans, the six challenges I have just discussed are for all of us. Our seventh challenge is really America's challenge to those of us in this hallowed Hall tonight: to reinvent our Government and make our democracy work for them.  Last year this Congress applied to itself the laws it applies to everyone else. This Congress banned gifts and meals from lobbyists. This Congress forced lobbyists to disclose who pays them and what legislation they are trying to pass or kill. This Congress did that, and I applaud you for it.  Now I challenge Congress to go further, to curb special interest influence in politics by passing the first truly bipartisan campaign finance reform bill in a generation. You, Republicans and Democrats alike, can show the American people that we can limit spending and we can open the airwaves to all candidates.  I also appeal to Congress to pass the line item veto you promised the American people.  Our administration is working hard to give the American people a Government that works better and sts less. Thanks to the work of Vice President Gore, we are eliminating , pages of unnecessary rules and regulations, shifting more decisionmaking out of Washington, back to States and local mmunities.  As we move into the era of balanced budgets and smaller Government, we must work in new ways to enable people to make the most of their own lives. We are helping America's mmunities, not with more bureaucracy but with more opportunities. Through our successful empowerment zones and mmunity development banks, we're helping people to find jobs, to start businesses. And with tax incentives for mpanies that clean up abandoned industrial property, we can bring jobs back to places that desperately, desperately need them.  But there are some areas that the Federal Government should not leave and should address and address strongly. One of these areas is the problem of illegal immigration. After years of neglect, this administration has taken a strong stand to stiffen the protection of our borders. We are increasing border ntrols by percent. We are increasing inspections to prevent the hiring of illegal immigrants. And tonight I announce I will sign an Executive order to deny Federal ntracts to businesses that hire illegal immigrants.  Let me be very clear about this: We are still a nation of immigrants; we should be proud of it. We should honor every legal immigrant here, working hard to be a good citizen, working hard to beme a new citizen. But we are also a nation of laws.  I want to say a special word now to those who work for our Federal Government. Today the Federal work force is , employees smaller than it was the day I took office as President. Our Federal Government today is the smallest it has been in years, and it's getting smaller every day. Most of our fellow Americans probably don't know that. And there's a good reason—a good reason: The remaining Federal work force is mposed of hard-working Americans who are now working harder and working smarter than ever before to make sure the quality of our services does not decline.  I'd like to give you one example. His name is Richard Dean. He's a -year-old Vietnam veteran who's worked for the Social Security Administration for years now. Last year he was hard at work in the Federal Building in Oklahoma City when the blast killed people and brought the rubble down all around him. He reentered that building four times. He saved the lives of three women. He's here with us this evening, and I want to regnize Richard and applaud both his public service and his extraordinary personal heroism. But Richard Dean's story doesn't end there. This last November, he was forced out of his office when the Government shut down. And the send time the Government shut down he ntinued helping Social Security recipients, but he was working without pay.  On behalf of Richard Dean and his family, and all the other people who are out there working every day doing a good job for the American people, I challenge all of you in this Chamber: Let's never, ever shut the Federal Government down again.  On behalf of all Americans, especially those who need their Social Security payments at the beginning of March, I also challenge the Congress to preserve the full faith and credit of the United States, to honor the obligations of this great Nation as we have for years, to rise above partisanship and pass a straightforward extension of the debt limit and show people America keeps its word.  I know that this evening I have asked a lot of Congress and even more from America. But I am nfident: When Americans work together in their homes, their schools, their churches, their synagogues, their civic groups, their workplace, they can meet any challenge.  I say again, the era of big Government is over. But we can't go back to the era of fending for yourself. We have to go forward to the era of working together as a mmunity, as a team, as one America, with all of us reaching across these lines that divide us—the division, the discrimination, the ranr—we have to reach across it to find mmon ground. We have got to work together if we want America to work.  I want you to meet two more people tonight who do just that. Lucius Wright is a teacher in the Jackson, Mississippi, public school system. A Vietnam veteran, he has created groups to help inner-city children turn away from gangs and build futures they can believe in. Sergeant Jennifer Rodgers is a police officer in Oklahoma City. Like Richard Dean, she helped to pull her fellow citizens out of the rubble and deal with that awful tragedy. She reminds us that in their response to that atrocity the people of Oklahoma City lifted all of us with their basic sense of decency and mmunity.  Lucius Wright and Jennifer Rodgers are special Americans. And I have the honor to announce tonight that they are the very first of several thousand Americans who will be chosen to carry the Olympic torch on its long journey from Los Angeles to the centennial of the modern Olympics in Atlanta this summer, not because they are star athletes but because they are star citizens, mmunity heroes meeting America's challenges. They are our real champions. Please stand up. Applause]  Now each of us must hold high the torch of citizenship in our own lives. None of us can finish the race alone. We can only achieve our destiny together, one hand, one generation, one American nnecting to another.  There have always been things we uld do together, dreams we uld make real which we uld never have done on our own. We Americans have forged our identity, our very Union, from the very point of view that we can acmmodate every point on the planet, every different opinion. But we must be bound together by a faith more powerful than any doctrine that divides us, by our belief in progress, our love of liberty, and our relentless search for mmon ground.  America has always sought and always risen to every challenge. Who would say that having me so far together, we will not go forward from here? Who would say that this age of possibility is not for all Americans?  Our untry is and always has been a great and good nation. But the best is yet to me if we all do our parts.  Thank you. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you.