Tonight we meet as Democrats, Republicans, and Independents, but most importantly, as Americans with a duty to one another, to America, to the American people, and to the Constitution, and an unwavering resolve that freedom will always triumph over tyranny. Six—[applause]—thank you. Six days ago, Russia's Vladimir Putin sought to shake the very foundations of the free world, thinking he uld make it bend to his menacing ways. But he badly miscalculated. He thought he uld roll into Ukraine and the world would roll over. Instead, he met with a wall of strength he never anticipated or imagined. He met the Ukrainian people. From President Zelenskiy, their—to every Ukrainian, their fearlessness, their urage, their determination literally inspires the world. Groups of citizens blocking tanks with their bodies. Everyone from students to retirees, to teachers turned soldiers defending their homeland. And in this struggle—President Zelenskiy said in his speech to the European Parliament, Light will win over darkness." The Ukrainian Ambassador to the United States is here tonight sitting with the First Lady. Let each of us, if you're able to stand, stand and send an unmistakable signal to the world and Ukraine. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. She's bright, she's strong, and she's resolved. Yes. We, the United States of America, stand with the Ukrainian people. Throughout our history, we've learned this lesson: When dictators do not pay a price for their aggression, they cause more chaos; they keep moving; and the sts, the threats to the America—and America, to the world keeps rising. That's why the NATO alliance was created: to secure peace and stability in Europe after World War II. The United States is a member, along with other nations. It matters. American diplomacy matters. American resolve matters. Putin's latest attack on Ukraine was premeditated and totally unprovoked. He rejected repeated—repeated—efforts at diplomacy. He thought the West and NATO wouldn't respond. He thought he uld divide us at home, in this Chamber, in this Nation. He thought he uld divide us in Europe as well. But Putin was wrong. We are ready. We are united. And that's what we did: We stayed united. We prepared extensively and carefully. We spent months building alitions of other freedom-loving nations in Europe and the Americas to—from America to the Asian and African ntinents to nfront Putin. Like many of you, I spent untless hours unifying our European allies. We shared with the world in advance what we knew Putin was planning and precisely how he would try to falsify and justify his aggression. We untered Russia's lies with the truth. And now—now that he's acted, the free world is holding him acuntable, along with members of the European Union—including France, Germany, Italy—as well as untries like the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan, Korea, Australia, New Zealand, and many others—even Switzerland—are inflicting pain on Russia and supporting the people of Ukraine. Putin is now isolated from the world more than he has ever been. Together, along with our allies, we are right now enforcing powerful enomic sanctions. We're cutting off Russia's largest banks from the international financial system; preventing Russia's Central Bank from defending the Russian ruble, making Putin's billion war fund worthless. We're choking Russia's access to technology that will sap its enomic strength and weaken its military for years to me. Tonight I say to the Russian oligarchs and the rrupt leaders who have bilked billions of dollars off this violent regime: No more. The United States—[applause]—I mean it. The United States Department of Justice is assembling a dedicated task force to go after the crimes of the Russian oligarchs. We're joining with European allies to find and seize their yachts, their luxury apartments, their private jets. We're ming for your ill-begotten gains. And tonight I'm announcing that we will join our allies in closing off American air space to all Russian flights, further isolating Russia and adding an additional squeeze on their enomy. He has no idea what's ming. The ruble has already lost percent of its value, the Russian stock market has lost percent of its value, and trading remains suspended. The Russian enomy is reeling, and Putin alone is the one to blame. Together with our allies, we're providing support to the Ukrainians in their fight for freedom: military assistance, enomic assistance, humanitarian assistance. We're giving more than a billion dollars in direct assistance to Ukraine. And we'll ntinue to aid the Ukrainian people as they defend their untry and help ease their suffering. But let me be clear: Our Forces are not engaged and will not engage in the nflict with Russian forces in Ukraine. Our Forces are not going to Europe to fight in]* Ukraine but to defend our NATO allies in the event that Putin decides to keep moving west. For that purpose, we have mobilized American ground forces, air squadrons, ship deployments to protect NATO untries, including Poland, Romania, Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia. And as I've made crystal clear, the United States and our allies will defend every inch of territory that is NATO territory with the full force of our llective power—every single inch. And we're clear eyed. The Ukrainians are fighting back with pure urage. But the next few days, weeks, and months will be hard on them. Putin has unleashed violence and chaos. But while he may make gains on the battlefield, he'll pay a ntinuing high price over the long run. And a pound of Ukrainian people—the proud, proud people—pound for pound, ready to fight with every inch of energy they have. They've known years of independence—have repeatedly shown that they will not tolerate anyone who tries to take their untry backwards. To all Americans, I'll be honest with you, as I've always promised I would be. A Russian dictator invading a foreign untry has sts around the world. And I'm taking robust action to make sure the pain of our sanctions is targeted at Russian enomy and that we use every tool at our disposal to protect American businesses and nsumers. Tonight I can announce the United States has worked with other untries to release million barrels of oil from reserves around the world. America will lead that effort, releasing million barrels of our own Strategic Petroleum Reserve. And we stand ready to do more if necessary, united with our allies. These steps will help blunt gas prices here at home. But I know news about what's happening can seem alarming to all Americans. But I want you to know: We're going to be okay. We're going to be okay. When the history of this era is written, Putin's war on Ukraine will have left Russia weaker and the rest of the world stronger. While it shouldn't have taken something so terrible for people around the world to see what's at stake, now everyone sees it clearly. We see the unity among leaders of nations, a more unified Europe, a more unified West. We see unity among the people who are gathering in cities in large crowds around the world, even in Russia, to demonstrate their support for the people of Ukraine. In the battle between democracy and autocracies, democracies are rising to the moment, and the world is clearly choosing the side of peace and security. This is the real test, and it's going to take time. So let us ntinue to draw inspiration from the iron will of the Ukrainian people. To our fellow Ukrainian Americans who forged a deep bond that nnects our two nations: We stand with you. We stand with you. Putin may circle Kiev with tanks, but he'll never gain the hearts and souls of the Uranian Ukrainian]* people. He'll never extinguish their love of freedom. And he will never, never weaken the resolve of the free world. We meet tonight in an America that has lived through of the hardest years this Nation has ever faced. The pandemic has been punishing. And so many families are living paycheck to paycheck, struggling to keep up with the rising st of food, gas, housing, and so much more. I understand, like many of you did. My dad had to leave his home in Scranton, Pennsylvania, to find work. So, like many of you, I grew up in a family when the price of food went up, it was felt throughout the family; it had an impact. That's why one of the first things I did as President was fight to pass the American Rescue Plan, because people were hurting. We needed to act, and we did. Few pieces of legislation have done more at a critical moment in our history to lift us out of a crisis. It fueled our efforts to vaccinate the Nation and mbat COVID-. It delivered immediate enomic relief to tens of millions of Americans. It helped put food on the table. Remember those long lines of cars waiting for hours just to get a box of food put in their trunk? It cut the st of health care insurance. And as my dad used to say, it gave the people just a little bit of breathing room." And unlike the trillion tax cut passed in the previous administration that benefited the top percent of Americans, the American Rescue Plan—— Audience members. Boo The President. —the American Rescue Plan helped working people and left no one behind. And, folks—and it worked. It worked. It worked and created jobs, lots of jobs. In fact, our enomy created over . million new jobs just last year, more jobs in year than ever before in the history of the United States of America. The enomy grew at a rate of . last year, the strongest growth rate in years and the first step in bringing fundamental change to our enomy that hasn't worked for working people in this Nation for too long. For the past years, we were told that tax breaks for those at the top and benefits would trickle down and everyone would benefit. But that trickle-down theory led to a weaker enomic growth, lower wages, bigger deficits, and a widening gap between the top and everyone else in the—in nearly a century. Look, Vice President Harris and I ran for office—and I realize we have fundamental disagreements on this—but ran for office with a new enomic vision for America: invest in America; educate Americans; grow the workforce; build the enomy from the bottom up and the middle out, not from the top down. Because we know—because we know—when the middle class grows, the poor go way up, and the wealthy do very well. America used to have the best roads, bridges, and airports on Earth. And now our infrastructure is ranked th in the world. We won't be able to mpete for the jobs of the st century if we don't fix it. That's why it was so important to pass the bipartisan infrastructure law. And I thank my Republican friends who joined to invest and rebuild America, the single biggest investment in history. It was a bipartisan effort, and I want to thank the members of both parties who worked to make it happen. We're done talking about infrastructure weeks. We're now talking about an infrastructure decade. And look, it's going to transform America to put us on a path to win the enomic mpetition of the st century that we face with the rest of the world, particularly China. I've told Xi Jinping: It's never been a good bet to bet against the American people. We'll create good jobs for millions of Americans—modernizing roads, airports, ports, waterways—all across America. And we'll do it to withstand the devastating effects of climate crisis and promote environmental justice. We'll build a national network of , electric vehicle charging stations; begin to replace the poisonous lead pipes so every child, every American has clean water to drink at home and at school. We're going to provide affordable high-speed internet for every American—rural, suburban, urban, and Tribal mmunities. Four thousand projects have already been announced. Many of you have announced them in your districts. And tonight I'm announcing that, this year, we will start fixing over , miles of highway and , bridges in disrepair. And, folks, when we use taxpayers' dollars to rebuild America, we're going to do it by buying American. Buy American products. Support American jobs. The Federal Government spends about billion a year to keep this untry safe and secure. There's been a law on the books for almost a century to make sure taxpayers' dollars support American jobs and businesses. Every administration—Democrat and Republican—says they'll do it, but we're actually doing it. We'll buy American to make sure everything from the deck of an aircraft carrier to the steel on highway guardrails is made in America from beginning to end. All of it. All of it. But, folks, to mpete for the jobs of the future, we also need to level the playing field with China and other mpetitors. That's why it's so important to pass the bipartisan innovation act sitting in Congress that will make rerd investments in emerging technologies and American manufacturing. We used to invest almost percent of our GDP in research and development. We don't now. Can't—China is. Let me give you one example why it's so important to pass. If you travel miles east of Columbus, Ohio, you'll find a thousand empty acres of land. It won't look like much. But if you stop and look closely, you'll see a field of dreams," the ground on which America's future will be built. That's where Intel, the American mpany that helped build Silin Valley, is going to build a billion seminductor mega site," up to eight state-of-the-art factories in one place. Ten thousand new jobs. And in those factories, the average job—about —, a year. Some of the most sophisticated manufacturing in the world to make mputer chips the size of a fingertip that power the world and everyday lives, from smartphones, technology that—the internet—technology that's yet to be invented. But that's just the beginning. Intel's CEO, Pat Gelsinger, who is here tonight—and I don't know where Pat is. Pat? There you go, Pat. Stand up. Pat came to see me, and he told me they're ready to increase their investment from billion to billion. That would be the biggest investment in manufacturing in American history. And all they're waiting for is for you to pass this bill. So let's not wait any longer. Send it to my desk, I'll sign it, and we will really take off in a big way. And, folks, Intel is not alone. There's something happening in America. Just look around, and you'll see an amazing story—the rebirth of pride that mes from stamping products Made in America," the revitalization of American manufacturing. Companies are choosing to build new factories here when just a few years ago, they would have gone overseas. That's what is happening. Ford is investing billion in electric vehicles, creating , jobs across the untry. GM is making the largest investment in its history— billion to build electric vehicles, creating , jobs in Michigan. All told, , new manufacturing jobs were created in America last year alone. And, folks, powered by people I've met—like JoJo Burgess from generations of union steelworkers in Pittsburgh, who's here with us tonight. Where are you, JoJo? There you go. Thanks, buddy. As Ohio—as Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown says—[applause]—as Sherrod Brown says, It's time to bury the label Rust Belt.'" It's time to see the—what used to be called the Rust Belt beme the home of a significant resurgence of manufacturing. And with all the bright spots in our enomy—rerd job growth, higher wages—too many families are struggling to keep up with their bills. Inflation is robbing them of gains they thought otherwise they would be able to feel. I get it. That's why my top priority is getting prices under ntrol. Look, our enomy roared back faster than almost anyone predicted, but the pandemic meant that businesses had a hard time hiring enough people because of the pandemic to keep up production in their factories. So you didn't have people making those beams that went into buildings because they were out—the factory was closed. The panic pandemic]* also disrupted the global supply chain. Factories close. When that happens, it takes longer to make goods and get them to the warehouses, to the stores, and go—prices go up. Look at cars last year. One-third of all the inflation was because of automobile sales. There weren't enough seminductors to make all the cars that people wanted to buy. And guess what? Prices of automobiles went way up, especially used vehicles as well. What—and so we have a choice. One way to fight inflation is to drive down wages and make Americans poorer. I think I have a better idea to fight inflation: Lower your sts, not your wages. And, folks, that means make more cars and seminductors in America, more infrastructure and innovation in America, more goods moving faster and cheaper in America, more jobs where you can earn a good living in America. Instead of relying on foreign supply chains, let's make it in America. Look, enomists—— Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. Enomists—— Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. —call this increasing the productive capacity of our enomy. I call it building a better America. My plan to fight inflation will lower your sts and lower the deficit. Seventeen Nobel laureates in enomics said my plan will ease long-term inflationary pressures. Top business leaders and, I believe, most Americans support the plan. And here's the plan. First, cut the st of prescription drugs. We pay more for the same drug produced by the same mpany in America than any other untry in the world. Just look at insulin. One in ten Americans has diabetes. In Virginia, I met a -year-old boy, the handsome young man standing up there, Joshua Davis. He and his dad both have type diabetes, which means they need insulin every single day. Insulin sts about a vial to make. That's what it sts the pharmaceutical mpany. But drug mpanies charge families like Joshua and his dad up to times that amount. I spoke with Joshua's mom. Imagine what it's like to look at your child who needs insulin to stay healthy and have no idea how in God's name you're going to be able to pay for it—what it does to your family, but what it does to your dignity, your ability to look your child in the eye, to be the parent you expect yourself to be. I really mean it. Think about that. That's what I think about. You know, yesterday—Joshua is here tonight, but yesterday was his birthday. Happy birthday, buddy, by the way. For Joshua and , other young people with type diabetes, let's cap the st of insulin at a month so everyone can afford it. And drug mpanies will do very, very well—their profit margin. And while we're at it—I know we have great disagreements on this floor with this—let's let Medicare negotiate the price of prescription drugs. They already set the price for VA drugs. Look, the American Rescue Plan is helping millions of families on Affordable Care Act plans to save them , a year on their health premiums. Let's close the verage gap and make those savings permanent. And send, let's cut energy sts for families an average of a year by mbating climate change. Let's provide an investment and tax credit to weatherize your home and your business to be energy efficient and get a tax credit for it; double America's clean energy production in solar, wind, and so much more; lower the price of electric vehicles, saving another a month that you've not going to have to pay at the pump. Folks—third—the third thing we can do to change the standard of living for hard-working folks is cut the st of childcare. Applause] Cut the st of childcare. Folks, if you live in a major city in America, you can pay up to , a year for childcare per child. I was a single dad for years, raising two kids. I had a lot of help though. I had a mom, a dad, a brother, and sister that really helped. But middle class and working folks shouldn't have to pay more than percent of their inme to care for their young children. My plan would cut the st of childcare in half for most families and help parents, including millions of women who left the workforce during the pandemic because they uldn't afford childcare to be able to get back to work, generating enomic growth. But my plan doesn't stop there. It also includes home and long-term care, more affordable housing, pre-K for - and -year-olds. All of these will lower sts to families. And under my plan, nobody—let me say this again—nobody earning less than , a year will pay an additional penny in new taxes. Not a single penny. I may be wrong, but my guess is, if we took a secret ballot in this floor, that we'd all agree that the present tax system ain't fair. We have to fix it. I'm not looking to punish anybody, but let's make rporations and wealthy Americans start paying their fair share. Look, last year—[applause]—last year—and like Chris Coons and Tom Carper and my distinguished Congresswoman—we me from the land of rporate America. There are more rporations inrporated in America Delaware]* than every other State in America mbined. And I still won years in a row. The point is, even they understand they should pay just a fair share. Last year, of the Fortune mpanies earned billion in profit and paid zero in Federal taxes. Audience members. Boo The President. No, look, it's not fair. That's why I proposed a -percent minimum tax rate for rporations. And we've got—and that's why in the G- and other meetings overseas we were able to put together—I was able to be somewhat helpful— untries to agree on a global minimum tax rate so mpanies can't get out of paying their taxes at home by shipping jobs and factories overseas. It will raise billions of dollars. And that's why I've proposed closing loopholes for the very wealthy who don't pay—who pay a lower tax rate than a teacher and a firefighter. So that's my plan. But we have—we'll go into more detail later. I'm going to grow—we will grow the enomy, lower the sts to families. So what are we waiting for? Let's get this done. We all know we've got to make changes. Folks, and while you're at it, nfirm my nominees for the Federal Reserve, which plays a critical role in fighting inflation. My plan will not only lower sts and give families a fair shot, it will lower the deficit. The previous administration not only ballooned the deficit with those tax cuts for the very wealthy and rporations, it undermined the watchdogs—the job of those to keep pandemic relief funds from being wasted. Remember we had those debates about whether or not those watchdogs should be able to see, every day, how much money was being spent, where it—was it going to the right place? In my administration, the watchdogs are back. And we're going after the criminals who stole billions of relief money meant for small business and millions of Americans. And tonight I'm announcing that the Justice Department will soon name a chief prosecutor for pandemic fraud. And look—[applause]—I think we all agree—thank you—by the end of this year, the deficit will be down to less than half what it was before I took office, the only President ever to cut the deficit by more than trillion in a single year. Lowering your sts also meant demanding more mpetition. I'm a capitalist, but capitalism without mpetition is not capitalism. Capitalism without mpetition is exploitation. It drives up profits prices].* When rporations have to mpete, their profits go up and your prices go up—when they don't have to mpete. Small businesses and family farmers and ranchers—I need not tell some of my Republican friends from those States—guess what? You've got four basic meatpacking facilities. That's it. You play with them or you don't get to play at all. And you pay a hell of a lot more—a hell of a lot more—because there's only four. See what's happening with ocean carriers moving goods in and out of America. During the pandemic, about half a dozen or less foreign-owned mpanies raised prices by as much as , percent and made rerd profits. Tonight I'm announcing a crackdown on those mpanies overcharging American businesses and nsumers. Folks—[applause]—and as Wall Street firms take over more nursing homes, quality in those homes has gone down, and sts have gone up. That ends on my watch. Medicare is going to set higher standards for nursing homes and make sure your loved ones get the care they deserve and that they inspect and they will—looked at closely. We're also going to cut sts to keep the enomy going strong and giving workers a fair shot; provide more training and apprenticeships; hire them based on skills, not just their degrees. Let's pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and paid leave; raise the minimum wage to an hour; and extend the child tax credit so no one has to raise a family in poverty. Let's increase Pell grants; increase our historic support for HBCUs; and invest in what Jill, our First Lady, who teaches full time, calls America's best kept secret: mmunity lleges. Look, let's pass the PRO Act. When a majority of workers want to form a union, they shouldn't be able to be stopped. When we invest in our workers and we build an enomy from the bottom up and the middle out, together we can do something we haven't done in a long time: build a better America. For more than years, COVID has impacted every decision in our lives and the life of this Nation. And I know you're tired, frustrated, and exhausted. That doesn't even unt the close to a million people who sit at a dining room table or a kitchen table and look at an empty chair because they lost somebody. But I also know this: Because of the progress we've made, because of your resilience and the tools that we have been provided by this Congress, tonight I can say we're moving forward safely, back to a more—normal routines. We've reached a new moment in the fight against COVID- where severe cases are down to a level not seen since July of last year. Just a few days ago, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention issued a new mask guidelines. Under the new guidelines, most Americans in most of the untry can now go mask free. And based on projections, more of the untry will reach a point across—that point across the next uple of weeks. And thanks to the progress we've made in the past year, COVID- no longer need ntrol our lives. I know some are talking about living with COVID-." But tonight I say that we never will just accept living with COVID-; we'll ntinue to mbat the virus as we do other diseases. And because this virus mutates and spreads, we have to stay on guard. And here are four mmonsense steps as we move forward safely, in my view: first, stay protected with vaccines and treatments. We know how incredibly effective vaccines are. If you're vaccinated and boosted, you have the highest degree of protection, and we'll never give up on vaccinating more Americans. Now, I know parents with kids under are eager to see their vaccines authorized for their children. Scientists are working hard to get that done, and we'll be ready with plenty of vaccines if and when they do. We're already—we are also ready with antiviral treatments. If you get COVID-, the Pfizer pill reduces your chances of ending up in the hospital by percent. I've ordered more pills than anyone in the world has. Pfizer is working overtime to get us a million pills this month and more than double that next month. And now we're launching the Test To Treat" initiative so people can get tested at a pharmacy and, if they prove positive, receive the antiviral pills on the spot at no st. And, folks, if you're immunompromised or have some other vulnerability, we have treatments and free high-quality masks. We're leaving no one behind or ignoring anyone's needs as we move forward. On testing, we've made hundreds of millions of tests available, and you can order them for free to your doorstep. And we've already ordered free tests. If you already ordered free tests, tonight I'm announcing you can order another group of tests. COVID—go to COVIDtests.gov, starting next week, and you can get more tests. Send, we must prepare for new variants. Over the past—we've gotten much better at detecting new variants. If necessary, we'll be able to develop deploy]* new vaccines within a hundred days instead of maybe months or years. And if Congress presides provides]* the funds we need, we'll have new stockpiles of tests, masks, pills ready if needed. I can't promise a new variant won't me, but I can promise you we'll do everything within our power to be ready if it does. Third, we can end the shutdown of schools and businesses. We have the tools we need. It's time for America to get back to work and fill our great downtowns again with people. People working from home can feel safe and begin to return to their offices. We're doing that here in the Federal Government. The vast majority of Federal workers will once again work in person. Our schools are open. Let's keep it that way. Our kids need to be in school. With percent of adult Americans fully vaccinated and hospitalizations down by percent, most Americans can remove their masks and stay in the classroom and move forward safely. We achieved this because we provided free vaccines, treatments, tests, and masks. Of urse, ntinuing this sts money, so it will not surprise you I'll be back to see you all. Laughter] And I'm going to soon send a request to Congress. The vast majority of Americans have used these tools and may want again—we may need them again. So I expect Congress—and I hope you'll pass that quickly. Fourth, we'll ntinue vaccinating the world. We've sent million vaccine doses to untries—more than any nation on Earth. We won't stop, because you can't build a wall high enough to keep out a vaccine—the vaccine can stop the spread of these diseases. You know, we've lost so much in COVID-. Time with one another. The worst of all, the loss of life. Let's use this moment to reset. So stop looking at COVID as a partisan dividing line. See it for what it is, a God-awful disease. Let's stop sending—seeing each other as enemies and start seeing each other for who we are, fellow Americans. Look, we can't change how divided we've been. That was a long time in ming. But we can change how to move forward on COVID- and other issues that we must face together. I recently visited New York City Police Department days after the funerals of Officer Wilbert Mora and his partner, Officer Jason Rivera. They were responding to a call when a man shot and killed them with a stolen gun. Officer Mora was years old. Officer Rivera was years old. Both Dominican Americans who grew up in the same streets that they later chose to parole—to patrol as police officers. I spoke with their families, and I told them that we are forever in debt for their sacrifices and we'll carry on their mission to restore the trust and safety in every mmunity it deserves. Like some of you that have been around for a while—I've worked with you on these issues for a long time. I know what works: Investigating Investing in]* crime prevention and mmunity policing: ps who walk the beat, who know the neighborhood, and who can restore trust and safety. Let's not abandon our streets or choose between safety and equal justice. Let's me together and protect our mmunities, restore trust, and hold law enforcement acuntable. That's why the Justice Department has required body cameras, banned chokeholds, and restricted no-knock warrants for its officers. That's why the American Rescue Plan that you all provided billion that cities, States, and unties can use to hire more police, invest in more proven strategies like mmunity violence interruption, trusted messengers breaking the cycle of violence and trauma and giving young people some hope. We should all agree the answer is not to defund the police. Audience member. That's right The President. It's to fund the police. Fund them. Fund them. Fund them with the resources and training—resources and training they need to protect our mmunities. I ask Democrats and Republicans alike to pass my budget and keep our neighborhoods safe. And we'll do everything in my power to crack down on gun trafficking of ghost guns that you can buy online, assemble at home—no serial numbers, can't be traced. I ask Congress to pass proven measures to reduce gun violence. Pass universal background checks. Why should anyone on the terrorist list be able to purchase a weapon. Why? Why? Audience members. Boo The President. And, folks, ban assault weapons with high-capacity magazines that hold up to a hundred rounds. You think the deer are wearing Kevlar vests? Laughter] Look, repeal the liability shield that makes gun manufacturers the only industry in America that can't be sued—the only one. Imagine had we done that with the tobac manufacturers. These laws don't infringe on the Send Amendment, they save lives. The most fundamental right in America is the right to vote and have it unted. And look, it's under assault. In State after State, new laws have been passed not only to suppress the vote—we've been there before—but to subvert the entire election. We can't let this happen. Tonight I call on the Senate to pass the Freedom To Vote act. Pass the John Lewis Act—Voting Rights Act. And while you're at it, pass the DISCLOSE Act so Americans know who is funding our elections. Look, tonight I'd like to honor someone who has dedicated his life to serve this untry: Justice Breyer, an Army veteran, nstitutional scholar, retiring Justice of the United States Supreme Court. Justice Breyer, thank you for your service. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I mean it. Get up. Stand and let them see you. Thank you. And we all know—no matter what your ideology, we all know one of the most serious nstitutional responsibilities a President has is nominating someone to serve on the United States Supreme Court. As I did days ago, I've nominated a Circuit Court of Appeals—Ketanji Brown Jackson. One of our Nation's top legal minds who will ntinue in Justice Breyer's legacy of excellence. A former top litigator in private practice, a former Federal public defender from a family of public-school educators and police officers, she's a nsensus builder. Since she's been nominated, she's received a broad range of support, including the Fraternal Order of Police and former judges appointed by Democrats and Republicans. Folks, if we are to advance liberty and justice, we need to secure our border and fix the immigration system. Audience members. Build the wall Build the wall Build the wall The President. And as you might guess, I think we can do both. At our border, we've installed new technology, like cutting-edge scanners, to better detect drug smuggling. We've set up joint patrols with Mexi and Guatemala to catch more human traffickers. We're putting in place dedicated immigration judges in significant larger number so families fleeing persecution and violence can have their cases—cases heard faster—and those who don't aren't]* legitimately here can be sent back. We're screening—we're securing mmitments and supporting partners in South and Central America to host more refugees and secure their own borders. We can do all this while keeping lit the torch of liberty that has led the generation of immigrants to this land, my forebearers and many of yours. Provide a pathway to citizenship for dreamers," those with temporary status, farmworkers, essential workers. To revise our laws so businesses have workers they need and families don't wait decades to reunite. It's not only the right thing to do, it's enomically smart thing to do. That's why the immigration reform is supported by everyone from labor unions to religious leaders to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Let's get it done once and for all. Folks, advancing liberty and justice also requires protecting the rights of women. The nstitutional right affirmed by Roe v. Wade, standing precedent for half a century, is under attack as never before. If you want to go forward not backwards, we must protect access to health care, preserve a woman's right to choose, and ntinue to advance maternal health care for all Americans. And, folks, for our LGBTQ+ Americans, let's finally get the bipartisan Equality Act to my desk. The onslaught of State laws targeting transgender Americans and their families—it's simply wrong. As I said last year, especially to our younger transgender Americans, I'll always have your back as your President so you can be yourself and reach your God-given potential. Folks, as I've just demonstrated, while it often appears we do not agree—[laughter]—and that—we do agree on a lot more things than we acknowledge. I signed bipartisan bills into law last year, from preventing Government shutdowns, to protecting Asian Americans from still-too-mmon hate crimes, to reforming military justice. And we'll soon be strengthening the Violence Against Women Act that I first wrote three decades ago. And it's important—it's important—for us to show the Nation that we can me together and do big things. So tonight I'm offering a unity agenda for the Nation: four big things we can do together, in my view. First, beat the opioid epidemic. There's so much we can do: increase funding for prevention, treatment, harm reduction, and revery; get rid of outdated rules and stop doctors and—that stop doctors from prescribing treatments; stop the flow of illicit drugs by working with State and local law enforcement to go after the traffickers. And if you're suffering from addiction, you know—you should know you're not alone. I believe in revery, and I celebrate the million— million Americans in revery. Send, let's take on mental health—especially among our children, whose lives and education have been turned upside down. The American Rescue Plan gave schools money to hire teachers and help students make up for lost learning. I urge every parent to make sure your school does just that. They have the money. We can all play a part. Sign up to be a tutor or a mentor. Children were also struggling before the pandemic: bullying, violence, trauma, and the harms of social media. As Frances Haugen, who is here tonight with us, has shown, we must hold social media platforms acuntable for the national experiment they're nducting on our children for profit. Folks—[applause]—thank you. Thank you for the urage you showed. It's time to strengthen privacy protections; ban targeted advertising to children; demand tech mpanies stop llecting personal data on our children. And let's get all Americans the mental health services they need. More people can turn for help and full parity between physical and mental health care if we treat it that way in our insurance. Look, the third piece of that agenda is support our veterans. Veterans are the backbone and the spine of this untry. They're the best of us. I've always believed that we have a sacred obligation to equip those we send to war and care for those and their family when they me home. My administration is providing assistance and job training and housing and now helping lower inme veterans get VA care debt free. And our troops in Iraq have faced—and Afghanistan—have faced many dangers. One being stationed at bases, breathing in toxic smoke from burn pits. Many of you have been there. I've been in and out of Iraq and Afghanistan over times. These burn pits that incinerate waste—the wastes of war, medical and hazardous material, jet fuel, and so much more. And they me home—many of the world's fittest and best trained warriors in the world—never the same: headaches, numbness, dizziness, a cancer that would put them in a flag-draped ffin. I know. Representative Lauren Boebert. You put them in. Thirteen of them. Audience members. Whoa Audience members. Boo The President. One of those—one of those soldiers was my son, Major Beau Biden. I don't know for sure if the burn pit that he lived near—that his hooch was near in Iraq and, earlier than that, in Kosovo is the cause of his brain cancer and the disease of so many other troops. But I'm mmitted to find out everything we can. Committed to military families like Danielle Robinson from Ohio, the widow of Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson. He was born a soldier. Army National Guard. Combat medic in Kosovo and Iraq. Stationed near Baghdad, just yards from burn pits the size of football fields. Danielle is here with us tonight. They loved going to Ohio State football games. And he loved building Legos with their daughter. But cancer from prolonged exposure to burn pits ravaged Heath's lungs and body. Danielle says Heath was a fighter to the very end. He didn't know how to stop fighting, and neither did she. Through her pain, she found purpose to demand that we do better. Tonight, Danielle, we are going to do better. The VA is pioneering new ways of linking toxic exposures to disease, already helping more veterans get benefits. And tonight I'm announcing we're expanding eligibility to veterans suffering from nine respiratory cancers. I'm also calling on Congress to pass a law to make sure veterans devastated by toxic exposure in Iraq and Afghanistan finally get the benefits and the mprehensive health care they deserve. And fourth and last, let's end cancer as we know it. This is personal. This is personal to me and to Jill and to Kamala and so many of you. So many of you have lost someone you love—husband, wife, son, daughter, mom, dad. Cancer is the number-two cause of death in America, send only to heart disease. Last month, I announced the plan to supercharge the Cancer Moonshot that President Obama asked me to lead years ago. Our goal is to cut cancer death rates by at least percent over the next years. And I think we can do better than that: turn cancers from death sentences into treatable diseases, more support for patients and their families. To get there, I call on Congress to fund what I called ARPA-H: Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health. Patterned after DARPA in the Defense Department, projects that led—in DARPA—to the internet, GPS, and so much more that make our Forces more—safer and be able to wage war more—with more clarity. ARPA ARPA-H]* will have a singular purpose to drive breakthroughs in cancer, Alzheimer's, and diabetes, and more. A unity agenda for the Nation. We can do these things. It's within our power. And I don't see a partisan edge to any one of those four things. My fellow Americans, tonight we've gathered in a sacred space: the citadel of democracy. In this Capitol, generation after generation of Americans have debated great questions amid great strife and have done great things. We fought for freedom, expanded liberty, debated defeated]* totalitarianism and terror. We built the strongest, freest, and most prosperous nation the world has ever known. Now is the hour: our moment of responsibility, our test of resolve and nscience of history itself. It is in this moment that our character of this generation is formed, our purpose is found, our future is forged. Well, I know this Nation. We'll meet the test, protect freedom and liberty, expand fairness and opportunity. And we will save democracy. As hard as those times have been, I'm more optimistic about America today than I've been my whole life because I see the future that's within our grasp, because I know there is simply nothing beyond our capacity. We're the only nation on Earth that has always turned every crisis we've faced into an opportunity, the only nation that can be defined by a single word: possibilities. So, on this night, on our th year as a nation, I've me to report on the state of the Nation—the state of the Union. And my report is this: The state of the Union is strong because you, the American people, are strong. We are stronger today—we are stronger today—than we were a year ago. And we'll be stronger a year from now than we are today. This is our moment to meet and overme the challenges of our time. And we will, as one people, one America: the United States of America. God bless you all, and may God protect our troops. Thank you. Go get em. Madam Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States, and my fellow citizens: Three years ago, we launched the great American meback. Tonight, I stand before you to share the incredible results. Jobs are booming, inmes are soaring, poverty is plummeting, crime is falling, nfidence is surging, and our untry is thriving and highly respected again. America's enemies are on the run, America's fortunes are on the rise, and America's future is blazing bright. The years of enomic decay are over. The days of our untry being used, taken advantage of, and even srned by other nations are long behind us. Gone too are the broken promises, jobless reveries, tired platitudes, and nstant excuses for the depletion of American wealth, power, and prestige. In just short years, we have shattered the mentality of American decline, and we have rejected the downsizing of America's destiny. We have totally rejected the downsizing. We are moving forward at a pace that was unimaginable just a short time ago, and we are never, ever going back. I am thrilled to report to you tonight that our enomy is the best it has ever been. Our military is mpletely rebuilt, with its power being unmatched anywhere in the world, and it's not even close. Our borders are secure. Our families are flourishing. Our values are renewed. Our pride is restored. And for all of these reasons, I say to the people of our great untry and to the Members of Congress: The state of our Union is stronger than ever before. The vision I will lay out this evening demonstrates how we are building the world's most prosperous and inclusive society, one where every citizen can join in America's unparalleled success and where every mmunity can take part in America's extraordinary rise. From the instant I took office, I moved rapidly to revive the U.S. enomy, slashing a rerd number of job-killing regulations, enacting historic and rerd-setting tax cuts, and fighting for fair and reciprocal trade agreements. Our agenda is relentlessly pro-worker, pro-family, pro-growth, and, most of all, pro-American. Applause] Thank you. Thank you. We are advancing with unbridled optimism and lifting our citizens of every race, lor, religion, and creed very, very high. Since my election, we have created million new jobs, million more than Government experts projected during the previous administration. The unemployment rate is the lowest in over half a century. And very incredibly, the average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any administration in the history of our untry. Applause] True. If we hadn't reversed the failed enomic policies of the previous administration, the world would not now be witnessing this great enomic success. The unemployment rate for African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest levels in history. African American youth unemployment has reached an alltime low. African American poverty has declined to the lowest rate ever rerded. The unemployment rate for women reached the lowest level in almost years. And last year, women filled percent of all new jobs added. The veterans unemployment rate dropped to a rerd low. The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached an alltime low. Workers without a high school diploma have achieved the lowest unemployment rate rerded in U.S. history. A rerd number of young Americans are now employed. Under the last administration, more than million people were added to the food stamp rolls. Under my administration, million Americans have me off food stamps, and million people have been lifted off of welfare. In years under the last administration, over , working-age people dropped out of the workforce. In just years of my administration, . million people—working-age people—have joined the workforce. Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased by percent, three times faster than the increase for the top percent. After decades of flat and falling inmes, wages are rising fast, and wonderfully, they are rising fastest for low-inme workers, who have seen a -percent pay increase since my election. This is a blue-llar boom. Real median household inme is now at the highest level ever rerded. Since my election, U.S. stock markets have soared percent, adding more than trillion to our Nation's wealth, transcending anything anyone believed was possible. This is a rerd. It is something that every untry in the world is looking up to. They admire. Consumer nfidence has just reached amazing new highs. All of those millions of people with (k)s and pensions are doing far better than they have ever done before with increases of , , , , and percent and even more. Jobs and investments are pouring into , previously neglected neighborhoods thanks to Opportunity Zones, a plan spearheaded by Senator Tim Stt as part of our great Republican tax cuts. In other words, wealthy people and mpanies are pouring money into poor neighborhoods or areas that haven't seen investment in many decades, creating jobs, energy, and excitement. This is the first time that these deserving mmunities have seen anything like this. It's all working. Opportunity Zones are helping Americans like Army veteran Tony Rankins from Cincinnati, Ohio. After struggling with drug addiction, Tony lost his job, his house, and his family. He was homeless. But then, Tony found a nstruction mpany that invests in Opportunity Zones. He is now a top tradesman, drug-free, reunited with his family, and he is here tonight. Tony, keep up the great work. Tony. Thank you, Tony. Our roaring enomy has, for the first time ever, given many former prisoners the ability to get a great job and a fresh start. This send chance at life is made possible because we passed landmark criminal justice reform into law. Everybody said that criminal justice reform uldn't be done, but I got it done, and the people in this room got it done. Thanks to our bold regulatory reduction campaign, the United States has beme the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world, by far. With the tremendous progress we have made over the past years, America is now energy independent, and energy jobs, like so many other elements of our untry, are at a rerd high. We are doing numbers that no one would have thought possible just years ago. Likewise, we are restoring our Nation's manufacturing might, even though predictions were, as you all know, that this uld never, ever be done. After losing , factories under the previous two administrations, America has now gained , new factories under my administration, with thousands upon thousands of plants and factories being planned or being built. Companies are not leaving; they are ming back to the U.S.A. The fact is that everybody wants to be where the action is, and the United States of America is indeed the place where the action is. One of the biggest promises I made to the American people was to replace the disastrous NAFTA trade deal. In fact, unfair trade is perhaps the single biggest reason that I decided to run for President. Following NAFTA's adoption, our Nation lost one in four manufacturing jobs. Many politicians came and went, pledging to change or replace NAFTA, only to do so, and then absolutely nothing happened. But unlike so many who came before me, I keep my promises: We did our job. Six days ago, I replaced NAFTA and signed the brand-new U.S.-Mexi-Canada Agreement into law. The USMCA will create nearly , new high-paying American auto jobs and massively boost exports for our farmers, ranchers, and factory workers. It will also bring trade with Mexi and Canada to a much higher level, but also to be a much greater degree of fairness and reciprocity. We will have that: fairness and reciprocity. And I say that, finally, because it's been many, many years that we were treated fairly on trade. This is the first major trade deal in many years to earn the strong backing of America's labor unions. I also promised our citizens that I would impose tariffs to nfront China's massive theft of America's jobs. Our strategy has worked. Days ago, we signed the groundbreaking new agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, bring billions and billions of dollars into our treasury, and open vast new markets for products made and grown right here in the U.S.A. For decades, China has taken advantage of the United States. Now we have changed that, but, at the same time, we have perhaps the best relationship we've ever had with China, including with President Xi. They respect what we've done, because, quite frankly, they uld never really believe that they were able to get away with what they were doing year after year, decade after decade, without someone in our untry stepping up and saying, That's enough." Now we want to rebuild our untry, and that's exactly what we're doing. We are rebuilding our untry. As we restore American leadership throughout the world, we are once again standing up for freedom in our hemisphere. That's why my administration reversed the failing policies of the previous administration on Cuba. We are supporting the hopes of Cubans, Nicaraguans, and Venezuelans to restore democracy. The United States is leading a -nation diplomatic alition against the socialist dictator of Venezuela, Nilás Maduro. Maduro is an illegitimate ruler, a tyrant who brutalizes his people. But Maduro's grip on tyranny will be smashed and broken. Here this evening is a very brave man who carries with him the hopes, dreams, and aspirations of all Venezuelans. Joining us in the Gallery is the true and legitimate President of Venezuela, Juan Guaidó. Mr. President, please take this message back to your homeland. Thank you, Mr. President. Great honor. Thank you very much. Please take this message back that all Americans are united with the Venezuelan people in their righteous struggle for freedom. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you very much. Socialism destroys nations. But always remember: Freedom unifies the soul. To safeguard American liberty, we have invested a rerd-breaking . trillion in the United States military. We have purchased the finest planes, missiles, rockets, ships, and every other form of military equipment, and it's all made right here in the U.S.A. We are also getting our allies, finally, to help pay their fair share. I have raised ntributions from the other NATO members by more than billion, and the number of allies meeting their minimum obligations has more than doubled. And just weeks ago, for the first time since President Truman established the Air Force more than years earlier, we created a brand-new branch of the United States Armed Forces. It's called the Space Force. Very important. In the Gallery tonight, we have a young gentleman. And what he wants so badly— years old—Iain Lanphier. He's an eighth grader from Arizona. Iain, please stand up. Iain has always dreamed of going to space. He was the first in his class and among the youngest at an aviation academy. He aspires to go to the Air Force Academy, and then he has his eye on the Space Force. As Iain says: Most people look up at space. I want to look down on the world." Laughter] But sitting behind Iain tonight is his greatest hero of them all. Charles McGee was born in Cleveland, Ohio, one century ago. Charles is one of the last surviving Tuskegee Airmen—the first Black fighter pilots—and he also happens to be Iain's great-grandfather. Incredible story. After more than mbat missions in World War II, he came back home to a untry still struggling for civil rights and went on to serve America in Korea and Vietnam. On December , Charles celebrated his th birthday. A few weeks ago, I signed a bill promoting Charles McGee to Brigadier General. And earlier today I pinned the stars on his shoulders in the Oval Office. General McGee, our Nation salutes you. Thank you, sir. From the pilgrims to the Founders, from the soldiers at Valley Forge to the marchers at Selma, and from President Linln to the Reverend Martin Luther King, Americans have always rejected limits on our children's future. Members of Congress, we must never forget that the only victories that matter in Washington are victories that deliver for the American people. The people are the heart of our untry, their dreams are the soul of our untry, and their love is what powers and sustains our untry. We must always remember that our job is to put America first. The next step forward in building an inclusive society is making sure that every young American gets a great education and the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. Yet, for too long, untless American children have been trapped in failing government schools. To rescue these students, States have created school choice in the form of Opportunity Scholarships. The programs are so popular that tens of thousands of students remain on a waiting list. One of those students is Janiyah Davis, a fourth grader from Philadelphia. Janiyah. Janiyah's mom, Stephanie, is a single parent. She would do anything to give her daughter a better future. But last year, that future was put further out of reach when Pennsylvania's Governor vetoed legislation to expand school choice to , children. Janiyah and Stephanie are in the Gallery. Stephanie, thank you so much for being here with your beautiful daughter. Thank you very much. But, Janiyah, I have some good news for you, because I am pleased to inform you that your long wait is over. I can proudly announce tonight that an opportunity scholarship" has beme available, it's going to you, and you will soon be heading to the school of your choice. Now I call on Congress to give million American children the same opportunity Janiyah has just received. Pass the Education Freedom Scholarships and Opportunities Act, because no parent should be forced to send their child to a failing government school. Every young person should have a safe and secure environment in which to learn and to grow. For this reason, our magnificent First Lady has launched the Be Best" initiative to advance a safe, healthy, supportive, and drug-free life for the next generation: online, in school, and in our mmunities. Thank you, Melania, for your extraordinary love and profound care for America's children. Thank you very much. My administration is determined to give our citizens the opportunities they need regardless of age or background. Through our Pledge to American Workers, over mpanies will also provide new jobs and education opportunities to almost million Americans. My budget also ntains an exciting vision for our Nation's high schools. Tonight I ask Congress to support our students and back my plan to offer vocational and technical education in every single high school in America. To expand equal opportunity, I am also proud that we achieved rerd and permanent funding for our Nation's Historically Black Colleges and Universities. A good life for American families also requires the most affordable, innovative, and high-quality health care system on Earth. Before I took office, health insurance premiums had more than doubled in just years. I moved quickly to provide affordable alternatives. Our new plans are up to -percent less expensive and better. I've also made an ironclad pledge to American families: We will always protect patients with preexisting nditions. And we will always protect your Medicare, and we will always protect your Social Security. Always. The American patient should never be blindsided by medical bills. That is why I signed an Executive order requiring price transparency. Many experts believe that transparency, which will go into full effect at the beginning of next year, will be even bigger than health care reform. It will save families massive amounts of money for substantially better care. But as we work to improve Americans' health care, there are those who want to take away your health care, take away your doctor, and abolish private insurance entirely. Audience members. Boo The President. One hundred thirty-two lawmakers in this room have endorsed legislation to impose a socialist takeover of our health care system, wiping out the private health insurance plans of million very happy Americans. To those watching at home tonight, I want you to know: We will never let socialism destroy American health care. Over legislators in this Chamber have endorsed legislation that would bankrupt our Nation by providing free taxpayer-funded health care to millions of illegal aliens, forcing taxpayers to subsidize free care for anyone in the world who unlawfully crosses our borders. These proposals would raid the Medicare benefits of our seniors, and that our seniors depend on, while acting as a powerful lure for illegal immigration. That is what is happening in California and other States. Their systems are totally out of ntrol, sting taxpayers vast and unaffordable amounts of money. If forcing American taxpayers to provide unlimited free health care to illegal aliens sounds fair to you, then stand with the radical left. But if you believe that we should defend American patients and American seniors, then stand with me and pass legislation to prohibit free Government health care for illegal aliens. This will be a tremendous boon to our already very strongly guarded southern border where, as we speak, a long, tall, and very powerful wall is being built. We have now mpleted over miles and have over miles fully mpleted in a very short period of time. Early next year, we will have substantially more than miles mpleted. My administration is also taking on the big pharmaceutical mpanies. We have approved a rerd number of affordable generic drugs, and medicines are being approved by the FDA at a faster clip than ever before. And I was pleased to announce last year that, for the first time in years, the st of prescription drugs actually went down. And working together, Congress can reduce drug prices substantially from current levels. I've been speaking to Senator Chuck Grassley of Iowa and others in Congress in order to get something on drug pricing done, and done quickly and properly. I'm calling for bipartisan legislation that achieves the goal of dramatically lowering prescription drug prices. Get a bill on my desk, and I will sign it into law immediately. Audience members. H.R.  H.R.  H.R.  The President. With unyielding mmitment, we are curbing the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths declined for the first time in nearly years. Among the States hardest hit, Ohio is down percent, Pennsylvania is down percent, Wisnsin is down percent, and we will not quit until we have beaten the opioid epidemic once and for all. Protecting Americans' health also means fighting infectious diseases. We are ordinating with the Chinese Government and working closely together on the ronavirus outbreak in China. My administration will take all necessary steps to safeguard our citizens from this threat. We have launched ambitious new initiatives to substantially improve care for Americans with kidney disease, Alzheimer's, and those struggling with mental health. And because Congress was so good as to fund my request, new cures for childhood cancer, and we will eradicate the AIDS epidemic in America by the end of this decade. Almost every American family knows the pain when a loved one is diagnosed with a serious illness. Here tonight is a special man, beloved by millions of Americans who just received a stage- advanced cancer diagnosis. This is not good news, but what is good news is that he is the greatest fighter and winner that you will ever meet. Rush Limbaugh, thank you for your decades of tireless devotion to our untry. And, Rush, in regnition of all that you have done for our Nation, the millions of people a day that you speak to and that you inspire, and all of the incredible work that you have done for charity, I am proud to announce tonight that you will be receiving our untry's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I will now ask the First Lady of the United States to present you with the honor. Please. [At this point, the First Lady presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom to radio show host Rush H. Limbaugh III, who was seated beside her in the House Gallery.] Audience member. Thank you, Rush Applause] The President. Rush and Kathryn, ngratulations. Thank you, Kathryn. As we pray for all who are sick, we know that America is nstantly achieving new medical breakthroughs. In , doctors at St. Luke's Hospital in Kansas City delivered one of the earliest premature babies ever to survive. Born at just weeks and days, and weighing less than a pound, Ellie Schneider was a born fighter. Through the skill of her doctors and the prayers of her parents, little Ellie kept on winning the battle of life. Today, Ellie is a strong, healthy -year-old girl sitting with her amazing mother Robin in the Gallery. Ellie and Robin, we are glad to have you with us tonight. Ellie reminds us that every child is a miracle of life. And thanks to modern medical wonders, percent of very premature babies delivered at the hospital where Ellie was born now survive. It's an incredible thing. Thank you very much. Our goal should be to ensure that every baby has the best chance to thrive and grow just like Ellie. That is why I'm asking Congress to provide an additional million to fund neonatal research for America's youngest patients. That is why I'm also calling upon Members of Congress here tonight to pass legislation finally banning the late-term abortion of babies. Whether we are Republican, Democrat, or Independent, surely we must all agree that every human life is a sacred gift from God. As we support America's moms and dads, I was recently proud to sign the law providing new parents in the Federal workforce paid family leave, serving as a model for the rest of the untry. Now I call on the Congress to pass the bipartisan Advancing Support for Working Families Act, extending family leave to mothers and fathers all across our Nation. Forty million American families have an average , extra thanks to our child tax credit. I've also overseen historic funding increases for high-quality childcare, enabling States to help more children, many of which have reduced or eliminated their wait-lists altogether. And I sent Congress a plan with a vision to further expand access to high-quality childcare and urge you to act immediately. To protect the environment, days ago, I announced that the United States will join the Trillion Trees initiative, an ambitious effort to bring together government and private sector to plant new trees in America and all around the world. We must also rebuild America's infrastructure. I ask you to pass Senator John Barrasso's highway bill to invest in new roads, bridges, and tunnels all across our land. I'm also mmitted to ensuring that every citizen can have access to high-speed internet, including and especially in rural America. A better tomorrow for all Americans also requires us to keep America safe. That means supporting the men and women of law enforcement at every level, including our Nation's heroic ICE officers. Last year, our brave ICE officers arrested more than , criminal aliens charged with nearly , burglaries, , sexual assaults, , violent assaults, and , murders. Tragically, there are many cities in America where radical politicians have chosen to provide sanctuary for these criminal illegal aliens. Audience members. Boo The President. In sanctuary cities, local officials order police to release dangerous criminal aliens to prey upon the public, instead of handing them over to ICE to be safely removed. Just days ago, a criminal alien freed by the sanctuary city of New York was charged with the brutal rape and murder of a -year-old woman. The killer had been previously arrested for assault, but under New York's sanctuary policies, he was set free. If the city had honored ICE's detainer request, his victim would still be alive today. The State of California passed an outrageous law declaring their whole State to be a sanctuary for criminal illegal immigrants—a very terrible sanctuary—with catastrophic results. Here is just one tragic example. In December , California police detained an illegal alien with five prior arrests, including nvictions for robbery and assault. But as required by California's Sanctuary Law, local authorities released him. Days later, the criminal alien went on a gruesome spree of deadly violence. He viciously shot one man going about his daily work. He approached a woman sitting in her car and shot her in the arm and in the chest. He walked into a nvenience store and wildly fired his weapon. He hijacked a truck and smashed into vehicles, critically injuring innocent victims. One of the victims is—a terrible, terrible situation; died—-year-old American named Rocky Jones. Rocky was at a gas station when this vile criminal fired eight bullets at him from close range, murdering him in ld blood. Rocky left behind a devoted family, including his brothers, who loved him more than anything else in the world. One of his grieving brothers is here with us tonight. Jody, would you please stand? Audience member. Jody The President. Jody, thank you. Jody our hearts weep for your loss, and we will not rest until you have justice. Senator Thom Tillis has introduced legislation to allow Americans like Jody to sue sanctuary cities and States when a loved one is hurt or killed as a result of these deadly practices. I ask Congress to pass the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act immediately. The United States of America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans, not criminal aliens. In the last years, ICE has arrested over , wicked human traffickers. And I have signed nine pieces of legislation to stamp out the menace of human trafficking, domestically and all around the globe. My administration has undertaken an unprecedented effort to secure the southern border of the United States. Before I came into office, if you showed up illegally on our southern border and were arrested, you were simply released and allowed into our untry, never to be seen again. My administration has ended catch-and-release. If you me illegally, you will now be promptly removed from our untry. Very importantly, we entered into historic operation agreements with the governments of Mexi, Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala. As a result of our unprecedented efforts, illegal crossings are down percent since May, dropping straight months in a row. And as the wall rapidly goes up, drug seizures rise, and the border crossings are down, and going down very rapidly. Last year, I traveled to the border in Texas and met Chief Patrol Agent Raul Ortiz. Over the last months, Agent Ortiz and his team have seized more than , pounds of poisonous nartics, arrested more than , human smugglers, and rescued more than , migrants. Days ago, Agent Ortiz was promoted to Deputy Chief of Border Patrol, and he joins us tonight. Chief Ortiz, please stand. A grateful nation thanks you and all of the heroes of Border Patrol and ICE. Thank you very much. Thank you. To build on these historic gains, we are working on legislation to replace our outdated and randomized immigration system with one based on merit, welming those who follow the rules, ntribute to our enomy, support themselves financially, and uphold our values. With every action, my administration is restoring the rule of law and reasserting the culture of American freedom. Working with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell—thank you, Mitch—and his lleagues in the Senate, we have nfirmed a rerd number of new Federal judges to uphold our Constitution as written. This includes two brilliant new Supreme Court Justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. Thank you. And we have many in the pipeline. Laughter] My administration is also defending religious liberty, and that includes the nstitutional right to pray in public schools. In America, we don't punish prayer. We don't tear down crosses. We don't ban symbols of faith. We don't muzzle preachers and pastors. In America, we celebrate faith, we cherish religion, we lift our voices in prayer, and we raise our sights to the glory of God. Just as we believe in the First Amendment, we also believe in another nstitutional right that is under siege all across our untry. So long as I am President, I will always protect your Send Amendment right to keep and bear arms. In reaffirming our heritage as a free nation, we must remember that America has always been a frontier nation. Now we must embrace the next frontier, America's manifest destiny in the stars. I am asking Congress to fully fund the Artemis program to ensure that the next man and the first woman on the Moon will be American astronauts, using this as a launching pad to ensure that America is the first nation to plant its flag on Mars. My administration is also strongly defending our national security and mbating radical Islamic terrorism. Last week, I announced a groundbreaking plan for peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Regnizing that all past attempts have failed, we must be determined and creative in order to stabilize the region and give millions of young people the chance to realize a better future. Three years ago, the barbarians of ISIS held over , square miles of territory in Iraq and Syria. Today, the ISIS territorial caliphate has been percent destroyed, and the founder and leader of ISIS—the bloodthirsty killer known as al-Baghdadi—is dead. We are joined this evening by Carl and Marsha Mueller. After graduating from llege, their beautiful daughter Kayla became a humanitarian aid worker. She once wrote: Some people find God in church. Some people find God in nature. Some people find God in love. I find God in suffering. I've known for some time what my life's work is, using my hands as tools to relieve suffering." In , while caring for suffering civilians in Syria, Kayla was kidnapped, tortured, and enslaved by ISIS and kept as a prisoner of al-Baghdadi himself. After more than horrifying days of captivity, al-Baghdadi murdered young, beautiful Kayla. She was just years old. On the night that U.S. Special Forces Operations ended al-Baghdadi's miserable life, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley, received a call in the Situation Room. He was told that the brave men of the elite special forces team that so perfectly carried out the operation had given their mission a name: Task Force –." It was a reference to a special day: August , Kayla's birthday. Carl and Marsha, America's warriors never forgot Kayla, and neither will we. Thank you. Every day, America's men and women in uniform demonstrate the infinite depth of love that dwells in the human heart. One of these American heroes was Army Staff Sergeant Christopher Hake. On his send deployment to Iraq in , Sergeant Hake wrote a letter to his -year-old son, Gage: I will be with you again," he wrote to Gage. I will teach you to ride your first bike, build your first sandbox, watch you play sports, and see you have kids also. I love you, son. Take care of your mother. I am always with you. Daddy." On Easter Sunday of , Chris was out on patrol in Baghdad when his Bradley fighting vehicle was hit by a roadside bomb. That night, he made the ultimate sacrifice for our untry. Sergeant Hake now rests in eternal glory in Arlington, and his wife Kelli is in the Gallery tonight, joined by their son, who is now a -year-old and doing very, very well. To Kelli and Gage: Chris will live in our hearts forever. He is looking down on you now. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you both very much. The terrorist responsible for killing Sergeant Hake was Qasem Soleimani, who provided the deadly roadside bomb that took Chris's life. Soleimani was the Iranian regime's most ruthless butcher, a monster who murdered or wounded thousands of American servicemembers in Iraq. As the world's top terrorist, Soleimani orchestrated the deaths of untless men, women, and children. He directed the December assault and went on to assault U.S. forces in Iraq. Was actively planning new attacks when we hit him very hard. And that's why, last month, at my direction, the U.S. military executed a flawless precision strike that killed Soleimani and terminated his evil reign of terror forever. Our message to the terrorists is clear: You will never escape American justice. If you attack our citizens, you forfeit your life. In recent months, we have seen proud Iranians raise their voices against their oppressive rulers. The Iranian regime must abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons; stop spreading terror, death, and destruction; and start working for the good of its own people. Because of our powerful sanctions, the Iranian enomy is doing very, very poorly. We can help them make a very good and short-time revery. It can all go very quickly, but perhaps they are too proud or too foolish to ask for that help. We are here. Let's see which road they choose. It is totally up to them. As we defend American lives, we are working to end America's wars in the Middle East. In Afghanistan, the determination and valor of our warfighters has allowed us to make tremendous progress, and peace talks are now underway. I am not looking to kill hundreds of thousands of people in Afghanistan, many of them totally innocent. It is also not our function to serve other nations as law enforcement agencies. These are warfighters that we have—the best in the world—and they either want to fight to win or not fight at all. We are working to finally end America's longest war and bring our troops back home. War places a heavy burden on our Nation's extraordinary military families, especially spouses like Amy Williams from Fort Bragg, North Carolina, and her two children, -year-old Elliana and -year-old Rowan. Amy works full-time and volunteers untless hours helping other military families. For the past months, she has done it all while her husband, Sergeant First Class Townsend Williams, is in Afghanistan on his fourth deployment in the Middle East. Amy's kids haven't seen their father's face in many months. Amy, your family's sacrifice makes it possible for all of our families to live in safety and in peace, and we want to thank you. Thank you, Amy. But, Amy, there is one more thing. Tonight we have a very special surprise. I am thrilled to inform you that your husband is back from deployment. He is here with us tonight, and we uldn't keep him waiting any longer. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. Welme home, Sergeant Williams. Thank you very much. As the world bears witness tonight, America is a land of heroes. This is a place where greatness is born, where destinies are forged, and where legends me to life. This is the home of Thomas Edison and Teddy Roosevelt, of many great generals including Washington, Pershing, Patton, and MacArthur. This is the home of Abraham Linln, Frederick Douglass, Amelia Earhart, Harriet Tubman, the Wright Brothers, Neil Armstrong, and so many more. This is the untry where children learn names like Wyatt Earp, Davy Crockett, and Annie Oakley. This is the place where the pilgrims landed at Plymouth and where Texas patriots made their last stand at the Alamo—[applause]—the beautiful, beautiful Alamo. The American nation was carved out of the vast frontier by the toughest, strongest, fiercest, and most determined men and women ever to walk on the face of the Earth. Our ancestors braved the unknown; tamed the wilderness; settled the Wild West; lifted millions from poverty, disease, and hunger; vanquished tyranny and fascism; ushered the world to new heights of science and medicine; laid down the railroads, dug out the canals, raised up the skyscrapers. And, ladies and gentlemen, our ancestors built the most exceptional republic ever to exist in all of human history, and we are making it greater than ever before. This is our glorious and magnificent inheritance. We are Americans. We are pioneers. We are the pathfinders. We settled the New World, we built the modern world, and we changed history forever by embracing the eternal truth that everyone is made equal by the hand of Almighty God. America is the place where anything can happen. America is the place where anyone can rise. And here, on this land, on this soil, on this ntinent, the most incredible dreams me true. This Nation is our canvas, and this untry is our masterpiece. We look at tomorrow and see unlimited frontiers just waiting to be explored. Our brightest disveries are not yet known. Our most thrilling stories are not yet told. Our grandest journeys are not yet made. The American age, the American epic, the American adventure has only just begun. Our spirit is still young, the Sun is still rising, God's grace is still shining, and, my fellow Americans, the best is yet to me. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Millions of our fellow citizens are watching us now, gathered in this great Chamber, hoping that we will govern not as two parties, but as one Nation. The agenda I will lay out this evening is not a Republican agenda or a Democrat agenda. It's the agenda of the American people. Many of us have campaigned on the same re promises: to defend American jobs and demand fair trade for American workers; to rebuild and revitalize our Nation's infrastructure; to reduce the price of health care and prescription drugs; to create an immigration system that is safe, lawful, modern, and secure; and to pursue a foreign policy that puts America's interests first. There is a new opportunity in American politics, if only we have the urage, together, to seize it. Victory is not winning for our party, victory is winning for our untry. This year, America will regnize two important anniversaries that show us the majesty of America's mission and the power of American pride. In June, we mark years since the start of what General Dwight D. Eisenhower called the Great Crusade, the Allied liberation of Europe in World War II. On D-day, June , , , young American men jumped from the sky, and , more stormed in from the sea, to save our civilization from tyranny. Here with us tonight are three of those incredible heroes: Private First Class Joseph Reilly, Staff Sergeant Irving Locker, and Sergeant Herman Zeitchik. Please. Gentlemen, we salute you. In , we also celebrate years since brave young pilots flew a quarter of a million miles through space to plant the American flag on the face of the Moon. Half a century later, we are joined by one of the Apollo astronauts who planted that flag: Buzz Aldrin. Thank you, Buzz. This year, American astronauts will go back to space on American rockets. In the th century, America saved freedom, transformed science, redefined the middle class, and when you get down to it, there's nothing anywhere in the world that can mpete with America. Now we must step boldly and bravely into the next chapter of this great American adventure, and we must create a new standard of living for the st century. An amazing quality of life for all of our citizens is within reach. We can make our mmunities safer, our families stronger, our culture richer, our faith deeper, and our middle class bigger and more prosperous than ever before. But we must reject the politics of revenge, resistance, and retribution, and embrace the boundless potential of operation, mpromise, and the mmon good. Together, we can break decades of political stalemate. We can bridge old divisions, heal old wounds, build new alitions, forge new solutions, and unlock the extraordinary promise of America's future. The decision is ours to make. We must choose between greatness or gridlock, results or resistance, vision or vengeance, incredible progress or pointless destruction. Tonight I ask you to choose greatness. Over the last years, my administration has moved with urgency and historic speed to nfront problems neglected by leaders of both parties over many decades. In just over years since the election, we have launched an unprecedented enomic boom, a boom that has rarely been seen before. There's been nothing like it. We have created . million new jobs and, importantly, added , new manufacturing jobs, something which almost everyone said was impossible to do. But the fact is, we are just getting started. Wages are rising at the fastest pace in decades and growing for blue-llar workers, who I promised to fight for. They're growing faster than anyone else thought possible. Nearly million Americans have been lifted off food stamps. The U.S. enomy is growing almost twice as fast today as when I took office. And we are nsidered, far and away, the hottest enomy anywhere in the world. Not even close. Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in over half a century. African American, Hispanic American, and Asian American unemployment have all reached their lowest levels ever rerded. Unemployment for Americans with disabilities has also reached an alltime low. More people are working now than at any time in the history of our untry: million people at work. We passed a massive tax cut for working families and doubled the child tax credit. We virtually ended the estate tax—or death tax, as it is often called—on small businesses, for ranchers, and also for family farms. We eliminated the very unpopular Obamacare individual mandate penalty. And to give critically ill patients access to lifesaving cures, we passed, very importantly, right to try." My administration has cut more regulations in a short period of time than any other administration during its entire tenure. Companies are ming back to our untry in large numbers thanks to our historic reductions in taxes and regulations. And we have unleashed a revolution in American energy. The United States is now the number-one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. And now, for the first time in years, we are a net exporter of energy. After months of rapid progress, our enomy is the envy of the world, our military is the most powerful on Earth, by far, and America is again winning each and every day. Members of Congress: The state of our union is strong. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. That sounds so good. Laughter] Our untry is vibrant, and our enomy is thriving like never before. On Friday, it was announced that we added another , jobs last month alone, almost double the number expected. An enomic miracle is taking place in the United States, and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics, or ridiculous, partisan investigations. If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation. Laughter] It just doesn't work that way. We must be united at home to defeat our adversaries abroad. This new era of operation can start with finally nfirming the more than highly qualified nominees who are still stuck in the Senate, in some cases, years and years waiting. Not right. The Senate has failed to act on these nominations, which is unfair to the nominees and very unfair to our untry. Now is the time for bipartisan action. Believe it or not, we have already proven that that's possible. In the last Congress, both parties came together to pass unprecedented legislation to nfront the opioid crisis, a sweeping new farm bill, historic VA reforms. And after four decades of rejection, we passed VA Acuntability so that we can finally terminate those who mistreat our wonderful veterans. And just weeks ago, both parties united for groundbreaking criminal justice reform. They said it uldn't be done. Last year, I heard, through friends, the story of Alice Johnson. I was deeply moved. In , Alice was sentenced to life in prison as a first-time nonviolent drug offender. Over the next years, she became a prison minister, inspiring others to choose a better path. She had a big impact on that prison population and far beyond. Alice's story undersres the disparities and unfairness that can exist in criminal sentencing and the need to remedy this total injustice. She served almost that years and had expected to be in prison for the remainder of her life. In June, I mmuted Alice's sentence. When I saw Alice's beautiful family greet her at the prison gates, hugging and kissing and crying and laughing, I knew I did something right. Alice is with us tonight, and she is a terrific woman. Terrific. Alice, please. Alice, thank you for reminding us that we always have the power to shape our own destiny. Thank you very much, Alice. Thank you very much. Inspired by stories like Alice's, my administration worked closely with members of both parties to sign the First Step Act into law. Big deal. It's a big deal. This legislation reformed sentencing laws that have wrongly and disproportionately harmed the African American mmunity. The First Step Act gives nonviolent offenders the chance to reenter society as productive, law-abiding citizens. Now States across the untry are following our lead. America is a nation that believes in redemption. We are also joined tonight by Matthew Charles from Tennessee. In , at the age of , Matthew was sentenced to years for selling drugs and related offenses. Over the next two decades, he mpleted more than Bible studies, became a law clerk, and mentored many of his fellow inmates. Now Matthew is the very first person to be released from prison under the First Step Act. Matthew, please. Thank you, Matthew. Welme home. Now Republicans and Democrats must join forces again to nfront an urgent national crisis. Congress has days left to pass a bill that will fund our Government, protect our homeland, and secure our very dangerous southern border. Now is the time for Congress to show the world that America is mmitted to ending illegal immigration and putting the ruthless yotes, cartels, drug dealers, and human traffickers out of business. As we speak, large, organized caravans are on the march to the United States. We have just heard that Mexican cities, in order to remove the illegal immigrants from their mmunities, are getting trucks and buses to bring them up to our untry in areas where there is little border protection. I have ordered another , troops to our southern border to prepare for this tremendous onslaught. This is a moral issue. The lawless state of our southern border is a threat to the safety, security, and financial well-being of all America. We have a moral duty to create an immigration system that protects the lives and jobs of our citizens. This includes our obligation to the millions of immigrants living here today who followed the rules and respected our laws. Legal immigrants enrich our Nation and strengthen our society in untless ways. I want people to me into our untry in the largest numbers ever, but they have to me in legally. Tonight I am asking you to defend our very dangerous southern border out of love and devotion to our fellow citizens and to our untry. No issue better illustrates the divide between America's working class and America's political class than illegal immigration. Wealthy politicians and donors push for open borders while living their lives behind walls and gates and guards. Meanwhile, working-class Americans are left to pay the price for mass illegal immigration: reduced jobs, lower wages, overburdened schools, hospitals that are so crowded you can't get in, increased crime, and a depleted social safety net. Tolerance for illegal immigration is not mpassionate; it is actually very cruel. One in three women is sexually assaulted on the long journey north. Smugglers use migrant children as human pawns to exploit our laws and gain access to our untry. Human traffickers and sex traffickers take advantage of the wide-open areas between our ports of entry to smuggle thousands of young girls and women into the United States and to sell them into prostitution and modern-day slavery. Tens of thousands of innocent Americans are killed by lethal drugs that cross our border and flood into our cities, including meth, heroin, caine, and fentanyl. The savage gang, MS-, now operates in at least different American States, and they almost all me through our southern border. Just yesterday an MS- gang member was taken into custody for a fatal shooting on a subway platform in New York City. We are removing these gang members by the thousands. But until we secure our border, they're going to keep streaming right back in. Year after year, untless Americans are murdered by criminal illegal aliens. I've gotten to know many wonderful Angel moms and dads and families. No one should ever have to suffer the horrible heartache that they have had to endure. Here tonight is Debra Bissell. Just weeks ago, Debra's parents Gerald and Sharon were burglarized and shot to death in their Reno, Nevada, home by an illegal alien. They were in their eighties and are survived by children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Also here tonight are Gerald and Sharon's granddaughter Heather and great-granddaughter Madison. To Debra, Heather, Madison, please stand. Few can understand your pain. Thank you. And thank you for being here. Thank you very much. I will never forget, and I will fight for the memory of Gerald and Sharon that it should never happen again. Not one more American life should be lost because our Nation failed to ntrol its very dangerous border. In the last years, our brave ICE officers made , arrests of criminal aliens, including those charged or nvicted of nearly , assaults, , sex crimes, and , killings or murders. We are joined tonight by one of those law enforcement heroes: ICE Special Agent Elvin Hernandez. When Elvin—[applause]—thank you. When Elvin was a boy, he and his family legally immigrated to the United States from the Dominican Republic. At the age of , Elvin told his dad he wanted to beme a Special Agent. Today, he leads investigations into the surge of international sex trafficking. Elvin says that If I can make sure these young girls get their justice, I've really done my job." Thanks to his work, and that of his incredible lleagues, more than women and girls have been rescued from the horror of this terrible situation, and more than , sadistic traffickers have been put behind bars. Thank you, Elvin. We will always support the brave men and women of law enforcement, and I pledge to you tonight that I will never abolish our heroes from ICE. Thank you. My administration has sent to Congress a mmonsense proposal to end the crisis on the southern border. It includes humanitarian assistance, more law enforcement, drug detection at our ports, closing loopholes that enable child smuggling, and plans for a new physical barrier, or wall, to secure the vast areas between our ports of entry. In the past, most of the people in this room voted for a wall, but the proper wall never got built. I will get it built. This is a smart, strategic, see-through steel barrier, not just a simple ncrete wall. It will be deployed in the areas identified by the border agents as having the greatest need. And these agents will tell you: Where walls go up, illegal crossings go way, way down. San Diego used to have the most illegal border crossings in our untry. In response, a strong security wall was put in place. This powerful barrier almost mpletely ended illegal crossings. The border city of El Paso, Texas, used to have extremely high rates of violent crime, one of the highest in the entire untry, and nsidered one of our Nation's most dangerous cities. Now, immediately upon its building, with a powerful barrier in place, El Paso is one of the safest cities in our untry. Simply put: Walls work, and walls save lives. So let's work together, mpromise, and reach a deal that will truly make America safe. As we work to defend our people's safety, we must also ensure our enomic resurgence ntinues at a rapid pace. No one has benefited more from our thriving enomy than women, who have filled percent of the newly created jobs last year. [At this point, Democratic Congresswomen joined other Members of Congress, Cabinet members, and attendees in a standing ovation.] You weren't supposed to do that. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Laughter] All Americans can be proud that we have more women in the workforce than ever before. [Democratic Congresswomen joined other Members of Congress and others in another standing ovation.] Don't sit yet. You're going to like this. Laughter] And exactly one century after Congress passed the nstitutional amendment giving women the right to vote, we also have more women serving in Congress than at any time before. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. That's great. Really great. And ngratulations. That's great. As part of our mmitment to improving opportunity for women everywhere, this Thursday we are launching the first-ever Governmentwide initiative focused on enomic empowerment for women in developing untries. To build on—[applause]—thank you. To build on our incredible enomic success, one priority is paramount: reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. So bad. We are now making it clear to China that, after years of targeting our industries and stealing our intellectual property, the theft of American jobs and wealth has me to an end. Therefore, we recently imposed tariffs on billion of Chinese goods, and now our Treasury is receiving billions and billions of dollars. But I don't blame China for taking advantage of us; I blame our leaders and representatives for allowing this travesty to happen. I have great respect for President Xi, and we are now working on a new trade deal with China. But it must include real, structural change to end unfair trade practices, reduce our chronic trade deficit, and protect American jobs. Applause] Thank you. Another historic trade blunder was the catastrophe known as NAFTA. I have met the men and women of Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, New Hampshire, and many other States whose dreams were shattered by the signing of NAFTA. For years, politicians promised them they would renegotiate for a better deal, but no one ever tried, until now. Our new U.S.-Mexi-Canada Agreement, the USMCA, will replace NAFTA and deliver for American workers like they haven't had delivered to for a long time. I hope you can pass the USMCA into law so that we can bring back our manufacturing jobs in even greater numbers, expand American agriculture, protect intellectual property, and ensure that more cars are proudly stamped with our four beautiful words: Made in the U.S.A. Tonight I am also asking you to pass the United States Reciprocal Trade Act so that if another untry places an unfair tariff on an American product, we can charge them the exact same tariff on the exact same product that they sell to us. Both parties should be able to unite for a great rebuilding of America's crumbling infrastructure. I know that Congress is eager to pass an infrastructure bill, and I am eager to work with you on legislation to deliver new and important infrastructure investment, including investments in the cutting-edge industries of the future. This is not an option, this is a necessity. The next major priority for me, and for all of us, should be to lower the st of health care and prescription drugs and to protect patients with preexisting nditions. Already, as a result of my administration's efforts, in , drug prices experienced their single largest decline in years. But we must do more. It's unacceptable that Americans pay vastly more than people in other untries for the exact same drugs, often made in the exact same place. This is wrong, this is unfair, and together, we will stop it, and we'll stop it fast. I am asking Congress to pass legislation that finally takes on the problem of global freeloading and delivers fairness and price transparency for American patients, finally. We should also require drug mpanies, insurance mpanies, and hospitals to disclose real prices to foster mpetition and bring sts way down. No force in history has done more to advance the human ndition than American freedom. In recent years, we have made remarkable progress in the fight against HIV and AIDS. Scientific breakthroughs have brought a once-distant dream within reach. My budget will ask Democrats and Republicans to make the needed mmitment to eliminate the HIV epidemic in the United States within years. We have made incredible strides. Incredible. Together, we will defeat AIDS in America and beyond. Tonight I am also asking you to join me in another fight that all Americans can get behind: the fight against childhood cancer. Joining Melania in the gallery this evening is a very brave -year-old girl, Grace Eline. Every birthday—[applause]. Hi, Grace. Laughter] Every birthday since she was , Grace asked her friends to donate to St. Jude's Children's Hospital. She did not know that one day she might be a patient herself. That's what happened. Last year, Grace was diagnosed with brain cancer. Immediately, she began radiation treatment. At the same time, she rallied her mmunity and raised more than , for the fight against cancer. When Grace mpleted treatment last fall, her doctors and nurses cheered—they loved her; they still love her—with tears in their eyes as she hung up a poster that read: Last day of chemo." Thank you very much, Grace. You are a great inspiration to everyone in this room. Thank you very much. Many childhood cancers have not seen new therapies in decades. My budget will ask Congress for million over the next years to fund this critical lifesaving research. To help support working parents, the time has me to pass school choice for Americans' children. I am also proud to be the first President to include in my budget a plan for nationwide paid family leave so that every new parent has the chance to bond with their newborn child. Audience member. Yes The President. There uld be no greater ntrast to the beautiful image of a mother holding her infant child than the chilling displays our Nation saw in recent days. Lawmakers in New York cheered with delight upon the passage of legislation that would allow a baby to be ripped from the mother's womb moments from birth. These are living, feeling, beautiful babies who will never get the chance to share their love and their dreams with the world. And then, we had the case of the Governor of Virginia where he stated he would execute a baby after birth. To defend the dignity of every person, I am asking Congress to pass legislation to prohibit the late-term abortion of children who can feel pain in the mother's womb. Let us work together to build a culture that cherishes innocent life. And let us reaffirm a fundamental truth: All children—born and unborn—are made in the holy image of God. The final part of my agenda is to protect American security. Over the last years, we have begun to fully rebuild the United States military, with billion last year and billion this year. We are also getting other nations to pay their fair share. Finally. Applause] Finally. For years, the United States was being treated very unfairly by friends of ours, members of NATO. But now we have secured, over the last uple of years, more than billion of increase in defense spending from our NATO Allies. They said it uldn't be done. As part of our military buildup, the United States is developing a state-of-the-art missile defense system. Under my administration, we will never apologize for advancing America's interests. For example, decades ago, the United States entered into a treaty with Russia in which we agreed to limit and reduce our missile capability. While we followed the agreement and the rules to the letter, Russia repeatedly violated its terms. It's been going on for many years. That is why I announced that the United States is officially withdrawing from the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty, or INF Treaty. Perhaps—[applause]—we really have no choice. Perhaps we can negotiate a different agreement, adding China and others, or perhaps we can't, in which case, we will outspend and outinnovate all others by far. As part of a bold new diplomacy, we ntinue our historic push for peace on the Korean Peninsula. Our hostages have me home, nuclear testing has stopped, and there has not been a missile launch in more than months. If I had not been elected President of the United States, we would right now, in my opinion, be in a major war with North Korea. Much work remains to be done, but my relationship with Kim Jong Un is a good one. Chairman Kim and I will meet again on February and in Vietnam. Two weeks ago, the United States officially regnized the legitimate Government of Venezuela and its new President, Juan Guaidó. We stand with the Venezuelan people in their noble quest for freedom, and we ndemn the brutality of the Maduro regime, whose socialist policies have turned that nation from being the wealthiest in South America into a state of abject poverty and despair. Here in the United States, we are alarmed by the new calls to adopt socialism in our untry. Audience members. Boo The President. America was founded on liberty and independence and not Government ercion, domination, and ntrol. We are born free, and we will stay free. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. Tonight we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist untry. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. One of the most mplex set of challenges we face, and have for many years, is in the Middle East. Our approach is based on principled realism, not discredited theories that have failed for decades to yield progress. For this reason, my administration regnized the true capital of Israel and proudly opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. Our brave troops have now been fighting in the Middle East for almost years. In Afghanistan and Iraq, nearly , American heroes have given their lives. More than , Americans have been badly wounded. We have spent more than trillion in fighting wars in the Middle East. As a candidate for President, I loudly pledged a new approach. Great nations do not fight endless wars. When I took office, ISIS ntrolled more than , square miles in Iraq and Syria, just years ago. Today, we have liberated virtually all of the territory from the grip of these bloodthirsty monsters. Now, as we work with our allies to destroy the remnants of ISIS, it is time to give our brave warriors in Syria a warm welme home. I have also accelerated our negotiations to reach—if possible—a political settlement in Afghanistan. The opposing side is also very happy to be negotiating. Our troops have fought with unmatched valor. And thanks to their bravery, we are now able to pursue a possible political solution to this long and bloody nflict. In Afghanistan, my administration is holding nstructive talks with a number of Afghan groups, including the Taliban. As we make progress in these negotiations, we will be able to reduce our troop's presence and focus on unterterrorism. And we will indeed focus on unterterrorism. We do not know whether we'll achieve an agreement, but we do know that, after two decades of war, the hour has me to at least try for peace. And the other side would like to do the same thing. It's time. Above all, friend and foe alike must never doubt this Nation's power and will to defend our people. Eighteen years ago, violent terrorists attacked the USS Cole. And last month, American forces killed one of the leaders of that attack. We are honored to be joined tonight by Tom Wibberley, whose son, Navy Seaman Craig Wibberley, was one of the sailors we tragically lost. Tom, we vow to always remember the heroes of the USS Cole. Thank you, Tom. My administration has acted decisively to nfront the world's leading state sponsor of terror: the radical regime in Iran. It is a radical regime. They do bad, bad things. To ensure this rrupt dictatorship never acquires nuclear weapons, I withdrew the United States from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal. And last fall, we put in place the toughest sanctions ever imposed by us on a untry. We will not avert our eyes from a regime that chants Death to America" and threatens genocide against the Jewish people. We must never ignore the vile poison of anti-Semitism or those who spread its venomous creed. With one voice, we must nfront this hatred anywhere and everywhere it occurs. Just months ago, Jewish Americans were viciously murdered in an anti-Semitic attack on the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh. SWAT Officer Timothy Matson raced into the gunfire and was shot seven times chasing down the killer. And he was very successful. Timothy has just had his th surgery, and he is going in for many more. But he made the trip to be here with us tonight. Officer Matson, please. Thank you. We are forever grateful. Thank you very much. Tonight we are also joined by Pittsburgh survivor, Judah Samet. He arrived at the synagogue as the massacre began. But not only did Judah narrowly escape death last fall, more than seven decades ago, he narrowly survived the Nazi ncentration camps. Today is Judah's st birthday. [Audience members sang Happy Birthday."] The President. Laughter] Great. Pittsburgh, PA, resident Judah Samet. Thank you Laughter] The President. They wouldn't do that for me, Judah. Laughter] Judah says he can still remember the exact moment, nearly years ago, after months in a ncentration camp, when he and his family were put on a train and told they were going to another camp. Suddenly, the train screeched to a very strong halt. A soldier appeared. Judah's family braced for the absolute worst. Then, his father cried out with joy: It's the Americans It's the Americans" Applause] Thank you. A send Holocaust survivor who is here tonight, Joshua Kaufman, was a prisoner at Dachau. He remembers watching through a hole in the wall of a cattle car as American soldiers rolled in with tanks. To me," Joshua recalls, the American soldiers were proof that God exists, and they came down from the sky." They came down from Heaven. I began this evening by honoring three soldiers who fought on D-day in the Send World War. One of them was Herman Zeitchik. But there is more to Herman's story. A year after he stormed the beaches of Normandy, Herman was one of the American soldiers who helped liberate Dachau. He was one of the Americans who helped rescue Joshua from that hell on Earth. Almost years later, Herman and Joshua are both together in the gallery tonight, seated side by side, here in the home of American freedom. Herman and Joshua, your presence this evening is very much appreciated. Thank you very much. Applause] Thank you. When American soldiers set out beneath the dark skies over the English Channel in the early hours of D-day, , they were just young men of and , hurtling on fragile landing craft toward the most momentous battle in the history of war. They did not know if they would survive the hour. They did not know if they would grow old. But they knew that America had to prevail. Their cause was this Nation and generations yet unborn. Why did they do it? They did it for America. They did it for us. Everything that has me since—our triumph over mmunism, our giant leaps of science and disvery, our unrivaled progress towards equality and justice—all of it is possible thanks to the blood and tears and urage and vision of the Americans who came before. Think of this Capitol. Think of this very Chamber, where lawmakers before you voted to end slavery, to build the railroads and the highways and defeat fascism, to secure civil rights, and to face down evil empires. Here tonight, we have legislators from across this magnificent republic. You have me from the rocky shores of Maine and the volcanic peaks of Hawaii; from the snowy woods of Wisnsin and the red deserts of Arizona; from the green farms of Kentucky and the golden beaches of California. Together, we represent the most extraordinary nation in all of history. What will we do with this moment? How will we be remembered? I ask the men and women of this Congress: Look at the opportunities before us. Our most thrilling achievements are still ahead. Our most exciting journeys still await. Our biggest victories are still to me. We have not yet begun to dream. We must choose whether we are defined by our differences or whether we dare to transcend them. We must choose whether we squander our great inheritance or whether we proudly declare that we are Americans. We do the incredible. We defy the impossible. We nquer the unknown. This is the time to reignite the American imagination. This is the time to search for the tallest summit and set our sights on the brightest star. This is the time to rekindle the bonds of love and loyalty and memory that link us together as citizens, as neighbors, as patriots. This is our future, our fate, and our choice to make. I am asking you to choose greatness. No matter the trials we face, no matter the challenges to me, we must go forward together. We must keep America first in our hearts, we must keep freedom alive in our souls, and we must always keep faith in America's destiny that one Nation, under God, must be the hope and the promise and the light and the glory among all the nations of the world. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Over the last year, we have made incredible progress and achieved extraordinary success. We have faced challenges we expected and others we uld never have imagined. We have shared in the heights of victory and the pains of hardship. We have endured floods and fires and storms. But through it all, we have seen the beauty of America's soul and the steel in America's spine. Each test has forged new American heroes to remind us who we are and show us what we can be. We saw the volunteers of the Cajun Navy racing to the rescue with their fishing boats to save people in the aftermath of a totally devastating hurricane. We saw strangers shielding strangers from a hail of gunfire on the Las Vegas strip. We heard tales of Americans like Coast Guard Petty Officer Ashlee Leppert, who is here tonight in the gallery with Melania. Ashlee was aboard one of the first helipters on the scene in Houston during the Hurricane Harvey. Through hours of wind and rain, Ashlee braved live power lines and deep water to help save more than lives. Ashlee, we all thank you. Thank you very much. We heard about Americans like firefighter David Dahlberg. He's here with us also. David faced down walls of flame to rescue almost children trapped at a California summer camp threatened by those devastating wildfires. To everyone still revering in Texas, Florida, Louisiana, Puerto Ri, and the Virgin Islands—everywhere—we are with you, we love you, and we always will pull through together, always. Thank you to David and the brave people of California. Thank you very much, David. Great job. Some trials over the past year touched this Chamber very personally. With us tonight is one of the toughest people ever to serve in this House, a guy who took a bullet, almost died, and was back to work ½ months later: the legend from Louisiana—[laughter]—Congressman Steve Scalise. Applause] I think they like you, Steve. Laughter] We are incredibly grateful for the heroic efforts of the Capitol Police officers, the Alexandria Police, and the doctors, nurses, and paramedics who saved his life and the lives of many others; some in this room. In the aftermath—[applause]—yes. Yes. In the aftermath of that terrible shooting, we came together, not as Republicans or Democrats, but as representatives of the people. But it is not enough to me together only in times of tragedy. Tonight I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out mmon ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people. This is really the key. These are the people we were elected to serve. Applause] Thank you. Over the last year, the world has seen what we always knew: that no people on Earth are so fearless or daring or determined as Americans. If there is a mountain, we climb it. If there is a frontier, we cross it. If there's a challenge, we tame it. If there's an opportunity, we seize it. So let's begin tonight by regnizing that the state of our Union is strong because our people are strong. And together, we are building a safe, strong, and proud America. Since the election, we have created . million new jobs, including , new jobs in manufacturing alone. Tremendous numbers. After years and years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages. Unemployment claims have hit a -year low. And something I'm very proud of: African American unemployment stands at the lowest rate ever rerded. And Hispanic American unemployment has also reached the lowest levels in history. Small-business nfidence is at an alltime high. The stock market has smashed one rerd after another, gaining trillion and more in value in just this short period of time. The great news for Americans: (k retirement, pension, and llege savings acunts have gone through the roof. And just as I promised the American people from this podium months ago, we enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history. Our massive tax cuts provide tremendous relief for the middle class and small business. To lower tax rates for hard-working Americans, we nearly doubled the standard deduction for everyone. Now, the first , earned by a married uple is mpletely tax free. We also doubled the child tax credit. A typical family of four making , will see their tax bill reduced by ,, slashing their tax bill in half. In April, this will be the last time you will ever file under the old and very broken system, and millions of Americans will have more take-home pay starting next month—a lot more. We eliminated an especially cruel tax that fell mostly on Americans making less than , a year, forcing them to pay tremendous penalties simply because they uldn't afford Government-ordered health plans. We repealed the re of the disastrous Obamacare. The individual mandate is now gone, thank heavens. Applause] Great job. We slashed the business tax rate from percent all the way down to percent, so American mpanies can mpete and win against anyone else anywhere in the world. These changes alone are estimated to increase average family inme by more than ,, a lot of money. Small businesses have also received a massive tax cut and can now deduct percent of their business inme. Here tonight are Steve Staub and Sandy Keplinger of Staub Manufacturing, a small, beautiful business in Ohio. They've just finished the best year in their -year history. Because of tax reform, they are handing out raises, hiring an additional people, and expanding into the building next door. It's a good feeling. One of Staub's employees, Corey Adams, is also with us tonight. Corey is an all-American worker. He supported himself through high school, lost his job during the recession, and was later hired by Staub, where he trained to beme a welder. Like many hard-working Americans, Corey plans to invest his tax cut raise into his new home and his two daughters' education. Corey, please stand. And he's a great welder. Laughter] I was told that by the man that owns that mpany that's doing so well. So ngratulations, Corey. Since we passed tax cuts, roughly million workers have already gotten tax cut bonuses, many of them thousands and thousands of dollars per worker. And it's getting more every month, every week. Apple has just announced it plans to invest a total of billion in America and hire another , workers. And just a little while ago, ExxonMobil announced a billion investment in the United States—just a little while ago. This, in fact, is our new American moment. There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream. So to every citizen watching at home tonight, no matter where you've been or where you've me from, this is your time. If you work hard, if you believe in yourself, if you believe in America, then you can dream anything, you can be anything, and together, we can achieve absolutely anything. Tonight I want to talk about what kind of future we are going to have and what kind of a nation we are going to be. All of us, together, as one team, one people, and one American family can do anything. We all share the same home, the same heart, the same destiny, and the same great American flag. Together, we are redisvering the American way. In America, we know that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the center of American life. The motto is, In God We Trust." And we celebrate our police, our military, and our amazing veterans as heroes who deserve our total and unwavering support. Here tonight is Preston Sharp, a -year-old boy from Redding, California, who noticed that veterans' graves were not marked with flags on Veterans Day. He decided all by himself to change that and started a movement that has now placed , flags at the graves of our great heroes. Preston, a job well done. Young patriots, like Preston, teach all of us about our civic duty as Americans. And I met Preston a little while ago, and he is something very special, that I can tell you. Great future. Thank you very much for all you've done, Preston. Thank you very much. Preston's reverence for those who have served our Nation reminds us of why we salute our flag, why we put our hands on our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance, and why we proudly stand for the national anthem. Americans love their untry, and they deserve a Government that shows them the same love and loyalty in return. For the last year, we have sought to restore the bonds of trust between our citizens and their Government. Working with the Senate, we are appointing judges who will interpret the Constitution as written, including a great new Supreme Court Justice and more circuit urt judges than any new administration in the history of our untry. We are totally defending our Send Amendment and have taken historic actions to protect religious liberty. And we are serving our brave veterans, including giving our veterans choice in their health care decisions. Last year, Congress also passed, and I signed, the landmark VA Acuntability Act. Since its passage, my administration has already removed more than , VA employees who failed to give our veterans the care they deserve. And we are hiring talented people who love our vets as much as we do. And I will not stop until our veterans are properly taken care of, which has been my promise to them from the very beginning of this great journey. All Americans deserve acuntability and respect, and that's what we are giving to our wonderful heroes, our veterans. Thank you. So tonight I call on Congress to empower every Cabinet Secretary with the authority to reward good workers and to remove Federal employees who undermine the public trust or fail the American people. In our drive to make Washington acuntable, we have eliminated more regulations in our first year than any administration in the history of our untry. We have ended the war on American energy, and we have ended the war on beautiful, clean al. We are now, very proudly, an exporter of energy to the world. In Detroit, I halted Government mandates that crippled America's great, beautiful autoworkers so that we can get Motor City revving its engines again. And that's what's happening. Many car mpanies are now building and expanding plants in the United States, something we haven't seen for decades. Chrysler is moving a major plant from Mexi to Michigan. Toyota and Mazda are opening up a plant in Alabama, a big one. And we haven't seen this in a long time. It's all ming back. Very soon, auto plants and other plants will be opening up all over our untry. This is all news Americans are totally unaccustomed to hearing. For many years, mpanies and jobs were only leaving us. But now they are roaring back. They're ming back. They want to be where the action is. They want to be in the United States of America. That's where they want to be. Exciting progress is happening every single day. To speed access to breakthrough cures and affordable generic drugs, last year, the FDA approved more new and generic drugs and medical devices than ever before in our untry's history. We also believe that patients with terminal nditions and terminal illness should have access to experimental treatment immediately that uld potentially save their lives. People who are terminally ill should not have to go from untry to untry to seek a cure. I want to give them a chance right here at home. It's time for Congress to give these wonderful, incredible Americans the right to try. Applause] Right? One of my greatest priorities is to reduce the price of prescription drugs. In many other untries, these drugs st far less than what we pay in the United States. And it's very, very unfair. That is why I have directed my administration to make fixing the injustice of high drug prices one of my top priorities for the year. And prices will me down substantially. Watch. America has also finally turned the page on decades of unfair trade deals that sacrificed our prosperity and shipped away our mpanies, our jobs, and our wealth. Our Nation has lost its wealth, but we're getting it back so fast. The era of enomic surrender is totally over. From now on, we expect trading relationships to be fair and, very importantly, reciprocal. We will work to fix bad trade deals and negotiate new ones. And they'll be good ones, but they'll be fair. And we will protect American workers and American intellectual property through strong enforcement of our trade rules. As we rebuild our industries, it is also time to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. America is a nation of builders. We built the Empire State Building in just year. Isn't it a disgrace that it can now take years just to get a minor permit approved for the building of a simple road? I am asking both parties to me together to give us safe, fast, reliable, and modern infrastructure that our enomy needs and our people deserve. Tonight I'm calling on Congress to produce a bill that generates at least . trillion for the new infrastructure investment that our untry so desperately needs. Every Federal dollar should be leveraged by partnering with State and local governments and, where appropriate, tapping into private sector investment to permanently fix the infrastructure deficit. And we can do it. Any bill must also streamline the permitting and approval process, getting it down to no more than years and perhaps even . Together, we can reclaim our great building heritage. We will build gleaming new roads, bridges, highways, railways, and waterways all across our land. And we will do it with American heart and American hands and American grit. We want every American to know the dignity of a hard day's work. We want every child to be safe in their home at night. And we want every citizen to be proud of this land that we all love so much. We can lift our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. As tax cuts create new jobs, let's invest in workforce development, and let's invest in job training, which we need so badly. Let's open great vocational schools so our future workers can learn a craft and realize their full potential. And let's support working families by supporting paid family leave. As America regains its strength, opportunity must be extended to all citizens. That is why this year, we will embark on reforming our prisons to help former inmates, who have served their time, get a send chance at life. Struggling mmunities, especially immigrant mmunities, will also be helped by immigration policies that focus on the best interests of American workers and American families. For decades, open borders have allowed drugs and gangs to pour into our most vulnerable mmunities. They've allowed millions of low-wage workers to mpete for jobs and wages against the poorest Americans. Most tragically, they have caused the loss of many innocent lives. Here tonight are two fathers and two mothers: Evelyn Rodriguez, Freddy Cuevas, Elizabeth Alvarado, and Robert Mickens. Their two teenage daughters—Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens—were close friends on Long Island. But in September , on the eve of Nisa's th birthday—such a happy time it should have been—neither of them came home. These two precious girls were brutally murdered while walking together in their hometown. Six members of the savage MS- gang have been charged with Kayla and Nisa's murders. Many of these gang members took advantage of glaring loopholes in our laws to enter the untry as illegal, unacmpanied alien minors, and wound up in Kayla and Nisa's high school. Evelyn, Elizabeth, Freddy, and Robert: Tonight everyone in this chamber is praying for you. Everyone in America is grieving for you. Please stand. Thank you very much. I want you to know that million hearts are right now breaking for you. We love you. Thank you. While we cannot imagine the depths of that kind of sorrow, we can make sure that other families never have to endure this kind of pain. Tonight I am calling on Congress to finally close the deadly loopholes that have allowed MS- and other criminal gangs to break into our untry. We have proposed new legislation that will fix our immigration laws and support our ICE and Border Patrol agents—these are great people; these are great, great people—that work so hard in the midst of such danger so that this can never happen again. The United States is a mpassionate nation. We are proud that we do more than any other untry anywhere in the world to help the needy, the struggling, and the underprivileged all over the world. But as President of the United States, my highest loyalty, my greatest mpassion, my nstant ncern is for America's children, America's struggling workers, and America's forgotten mmunities. I want our youth to grow up to achieve great things. I want our poor to have their chance to rise. So tonight I am extending an open hand to work with members of both parties, Democrats and Republicans, to protect our citizens of every background, lor, religion, and creed. My duty, and the sacred duty of every elected official in this Chamber, is to defend Americans, to protect their safety, their families, their mmunities, and their right to the American Dream. Because Americans are dreamers too. Here tonight is one leader in the effort to defend our untry, Homeland Security Investigations Special Agent Celestino Martinez. He goes by D.J." and C.J." He said, Call me either one." Laughter] So we'll call you C.J." Laughter] Served years in the Air Force before beming an ICE agent and spending the last years fighting gang violence and getting dangerous criminals off of our streets. Tough job. At one point, MS- leaders ordered C.J.'s murder. And they wanted it to happen quickly. But he did not cave to threats or to fear. Last May, he mmanded an operation to track down gang members on Long Island. His team has arrested nearly , including more than MS- gang members. And I have to tell you, what the Border Patrol and ICE have done, we have sent thousands and thousands and thousands of MS- horrible people out of this untry or into our prisons. So I just want to ngratulate you, C.J. You're a brave guy. Thank you very much. And I asked C.J What's the secret?" He said, We're just tougher than they are." And I like that answer. Laughter] Now, let's get Congress to send you—and all of the people in this great Chamber have to do it; we have no choice. C.J we're going to send you reinforcements, and we're going to send them to you quickly. It's what you need. Over the next few weeks, the House and Senate will be voting on an immigration reform package. In recent months, my administration has met extensively with both Democrats and Republicans to craft a bipartisan approach to immigration reform. Based on these discussions, we presented Congress with a detailed proposal that should be supported by both parties as a fair mpromise, one where nobody gets everything they want, but where our untry gets the critical reforms it needs and must have. Here are the four pillars of our plan: The first pillar of our framework generously offers a path to citizenship for . million illegal immigrants who were brought here by their parents at a young age. That vers almost three times more people than the previous administration vered. Under our plan, those who meet education and work requirements and show good moral character will be able to beme full citizens of the United States over a -year period. The send pillar fully secures the border. That means building a great wall on the southern border, and it means hiring more heroes, like C.J to keep our mmunities safe. Crucially, our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our untry, and it finally ends the horrible and dangerous practice of catch-and-release. The third pillar ends the visa lottery, a program that randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of American people. It's time to begin moving toward a merit-based immigration system, one that admits people who are skilled, who want to work, who will ntribute to our society, and who will love and respect our untry. The fourth and final pillar protects the nuclear family by ending chain migration. Under the current broken system, a single immigrant can bring in virtually unlimited numbers of distant relatives. Under our plan, we focus on the immediate family by limiting sponsorships to spouses and minor children. This vital reform is necessary, not just for our enomy, but for our security and for the future of America. In recent weeks, two terrorist attacks in New York were made possible by the visa lottery and chain migration. In the age of terrorism, these programs present risks we can just no longer afford. It's time to reform these outdated immigration rules and finally bring our immigration system into the st century. These four pillars represent a down-the-middle mpromise and one that will create a safe, modern, and lawful immigration system. For over years, Washington has tried and failed to solve this problem. This Congress can be the one that finally makes it happen. Most importantly, these four pillars will produce legislation that fulfills my ironclad pledge to sign a bill that puts America first. So let's me together, set politics aside, and finally get the job done. These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction. Never before has it been like it is now. It is terrible. We have to do something about it. In , we lost , Americans to drug overdoses: deaths per day, per hour. We must get much tougher on drug dealers and pushers if we are going to succeed in stopping this surge. My administration is mmitted to fighting the drug epidemic and helping get treatment for those in need, for those who have been so terribly hurt. The struggle will be long, and it will be difficult, but as Americans always do, in the end, we will succeed. We will prevail. As we have seen tonight, the most difficult challenges bring out the best in America. We see a vivid expression of this truth in the story of the Holets family of New Mexi. Ryan Holets is years old, an officer with the Albuquerque Police Department. He's here tonight with his wife Rebecca. Thank you, Ryan. Last year, Ryan was on duty when he saw a pregnant, homeless woman preparing to inject heroin. When Ryan told her she was going to harm her unborn child, she began to weep. She told him she didn't know where to turn, but badly wanted a safe home for her baby. In that moment, Ryan said he felt God speak to him: You will do it, because you can." He heard those words. He took out a picture of his wife and their four kids. Then, he went home to tell his wife Rebecca. In an instant, she agreed to adopt. The Holets named their new daughter Hope. Ryan and Rebecca, you embody the goodness of our Nation. Thank you. Thank you, Ryan and Rebecca. As we rebuild America's strength and nfidence at home, we are also restoring our strength and standing abroad. Around the world, we face rogue regimes, terrorist groups, and rivals like China and Russia that challenge our interests, our enomy, and our values. In nfronting these horrible dangers, we know that weakness is the surest path to nflict and unmatched power is the surest means to our true and great defense. For this reason, I am asking Congress to end the dangerous defense sequester and fully fund our great military. As part of our defense, we must modernize and rebuild our nuclear arsenal, hopefully, never having to use it, but making it so strong and so powerful that it will deter any acts of aggression by any other nation or anyone else. Perhaps someday in the future, there will be a magical moment when the untries of the world will get together to eliminate their nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, we are not there yet, sadly. Last year, I also pledged that we would work with our allies to extinguish ISIS from the face of the Earth. One year later, I am proud to report that the alition to defeat ISIS has liberated very close to percent of the territory just recently held by these killers in Iraq and in Syria and in other locations as well. But there is much more work to be done. We will ntinue our fight until ISIS is defeated. Army Staff Sergeant Justin Peck is here tonight. Near Raqqa, last November, Justin and his mrade, Chief Petty Officer Kenton Stacy, were on a mission to clear buildings that ISIS had rigged with explosive so that civilians uld return to that city, hopefully, soon and, hopefully, safely. Clearing the send floor of a vital hospital, Kenton Stacy was severely wounded by an explosion. Immediately, Justin bounded into the booby-trapped and unbelievably dangerous and unsafe building, and found Kenton, but in very, very bad shape. He applied pressure to the wound and inserted a tube to reopen an airway. He then performed CPR for straight minutes during the ground transport and maintained artificial respiration through ½ hours and through emergency surgery. Kenton Stacy would have died if it were not for Justin's selfless love for his fellow warrior. Tonight Kenton is revering in Texas, Raqqa is liberated, and Justin is wearing his new Bronze Star, with a V" for valor. Staff Sergeant Peck, all of America salutes you. Terrorists who do things like place bombs in civilian hospitals are evil. When possible, we have no choice but to annihilate them. When necessary, we must be able to detain and question them. But we must be clear: Terrorists are not merely criminals, they are unlawful enemy mbatants. And when captured overseas, they should be treated like the terrorists they are. In the past, we have foolishly released hundreds and hundreds of dangerous terrorists, only to meet them again on the battlefield, including the ISIS leader, al-Baghdadi, who we captured, who we had, who we released. So today I'm keeping another promise. I just signed, prior to walking in, an order directing Secretary Mattis—who is doing a great job, thank you—to reexamine our military detention policy and to keep open the detention facilities in Guantanamo Bay. I am asking Congress to ensure that, in the fight against ISIS and Al Qaida, we ntinue to have all necessary power to detain terrorists, wherever we chase them down, wherever we find them. And in many cases, for them, it will now be Guantanamo Bay. At the same time, as of a few months ago, our warriors in Afghanistan have new rules of engagement. Along with their heroic Afghan partners, our military is no longer undermined by artificial timelines, and we no longer tell our enemies our plans. Last month, I also took an action endorsed unanimously by the U.S. Senate just months before. I regnized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Shortly afterwards, dozens of untries voted in the United Nations General Assembly against America's sovereign right to make this decision. In , American taxpayers generously sent those same untries more than billion in aid. That is why tonight I am asking Congress to pass legislation to help ensure American foreign-assistance dollars always serve American interests and only go to friends of America, not enemies of America. As we strengthen friendships all around the world, we are also restoring clarity about our adversaries. When the people of Iran rose up against the crimes of their rrupt dictatorship, I did not stay silent. America stands with the people of Iran in their urageous struggle for freedom. I am asking Congress to address the fundamental flaws in the terrible Iran nuclear deal. My administration has also imposed tough sanctions on the mmunist and socialist dictatorships in Cuba and Venezuela. But no regime has oppressed its own citizens more totally or brutally than the cruel dictatorship in North Korea. North Korea's reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles uld very soon threaten our homeland. We are waging a campaign of maximum pressure to prevent that from ever happening. Past experience has taught us that mplacency and ncessions only invite aggression and provocation. I will not repeat the mistakes of past administrations that got us into this very dangerous position. We need only look at the depraved character of the North Korean regime to understand the nature of the nuclear threat it uld pose to America and to our allies. Otto Warmbier was a hard-working student at the University of Virginia, and a great student he was. On his way to study abroad in Asia, Otto joined a tour to North Korea. At its nclusion, this wonderful young man was arrested and charged with crimes against the state. After a shameful trial, the dictatorship sentenced Otto to years of hard labor, before returning him to America last June, horribly injured and on the verge of death. He passed away just days after his return. Otto's wonderful parents, Fred and Cindy Warmbier, are here with us tonight, along with Otto's brother and sister, Austin and Greta. Please. Incredible people. You are powerful witnesses to a menace that threatens our world, and your strength truly inspires us all. Thank you very much. Thank you. Tonight we pledge to honor Otto's memory with total American resolve. Thank you. Finally—[applause]—thank you. We are joined by one more witness to the ominous nature of this regime. His name is Mr. Ji Sung-ho. In , Sung-ho was a starving boy in North Korea. One day, he tried to steal al from a railroad car to barter for a few scraps of food, which were very hard to get. In the process, he passed out on the train tracks, exhausted from hunger. He woke up as a train ran over his limbs. He then endured multiple amputations without anything to dull the pain or the hurt. His brother and sister gave what little food they had to help him rever and ate dirt themselves, permanently stunting their own growth. Later, he was tortured by North Korean authorities after returning from a brief visit to China. His tormentors wanted to know if he'd met any Christians. He had, and he resolved, after that, to be free. Sung-ho traveled thousands of miles on crutches all across China and Southeast Asia to freedom. Most of his family followed. His father was caught trying to escape and was tortured to death. Today, he lives in Seoul, where he rescues other defectors and broadcasts into North Korea what the regime fears most: the truth. Today, he has a new leg. But, Sung-ho, I understand you still keep those old crutches as a reminder of how far you've me. Your great sacrifice is an inspiration to us all. Please. Thank you. Sung-ho's story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom. It was that same yearning for freedom that nearly years ago gave birth to a special place called America. It was a small cluster of lonies caught between a great ocean and a vast wilderness. It was home to an incredible people with a revolutionary idea: that they uld rule themselves; that they uld chart their own destiny; and that, together, they uld light up the entire world. That is what our untry has always been about. That is what Americans have always stood for, always strived for, and always done. Atop the dome of this Capitol stands the statue of Freedom. She stands tall and dignified among the monuments to our ancestors who fought and lived and died to protect her: monuments to Washington and Jefferson and Linln and King. Memorials to the heroes of Yorktown and Saratoga; to young Americans who shed their blood on the shores of Normandy and the fields beyond; and others, who went down in the waters of the Pacific and the skies all over Asia. And Freedom stands tall over one more monument: this one. This Capitol—this living monument—this is the monument to the American people. Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. We're a people whose heroes live not only in the past, but all around us, defending hope, pride, and defending the American way. They work in every trade. They sacrifice to raise a family. They care for our children at home. They defend our flag abroad. And they are strong moms and brave kids. They are firefighters and police officers and border agents, medics and marines. But above all else, they are Americans. And this Capitol, this city, this Nation, belongs entirely to them. Our task is to respect them, to listen to them, to serve them, to protect them, and to always be worthy of them. Americans fill the world with art and music. They push the bounds of science and disvery. And they forever remind us of what we should never, ever forget: The people dreamed this untry, the people built this untry, and it's the people who are making America great again. As long as we are proud of who we are and what we are fighting for, there is nothing we cannot achieve. As long as we have nfidence in our values, faith in our citizens, and trust in our God, we will never fail. Our families will thrive. Our people will prosper. And our Nation will forever be safe and strong and proud and mighty and free. Thank you. And God bless America. Goodnight. Now, I understand that because it's an election season, expectations for what we will achieve this year are low. But, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the nstructive approach that you and other leaders took at the end of last year to pass a budget and make tax cuts permanent for working families. So I hope we can work together this year on some bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform and helping people who are battling prescription drug abuse and heroin abuse. So, who knows, we might surprise the cynics again. But tonight I want to go easy on the traditional list of proposals for the year ahead. Don't worry, I've got plenty—[laughter]—from helping students learn to write mputer de to personalizing medical treatments for patients. And I will keep pushing for progress on the work that I believe still needs to be done: fixing a broken immigration system, protecting our kids from gun violence, equal pay for equal work, paid leave, raising the minimum wage. All these things still matter to hard-working families. They're still the right thing to do. And I won't let up until they get done. But for my final address to this Chamber, I don't want to just talk about next year. I want to focus on the next years, the next years, and beyond. I want to focus on our future. We live in a time of extraordinary change, change that's reshaping the way we live, the way we work, our planet, our place in the world. It's change that promises amazing medical breakthroughs, but also enomic disruptions that strain working families. It promises this education for girls in the most remote villages, but also nnects terrorists plotting an ocean away. It's change that can broaden opportunity or widen inequality. And whether we like it or not, the pace of this change will only accelerate. America has been through big changes before: wars and depression, the influx of new immigrants, workers fighting for a fair deal, movements to expand civil rights. Each time, there have been those who told us to fear the future; who claimed we uld slam the brakes on change; who promised to restore past glory if we just got some group or idea that was threatening America under ntrol. And each time, we overcame those fears. We did not, in the words of Linln, adhere to the dogmas of the quiet past." Instead, we thought anew and acted anew. We made change work for us, always extending America's promise outward, to the next frontier, to more people. And because we did, because we saw opportunity with a—where others saw peril, we emerged stronger and better than before. What was true then can be true now. Our unique strengths as a nation—our optimism and work ethic, our spirit of disvery, our diversity, our mmitment to rule of law—these things give us everything we need to ensure prosperity and security for generations to me. In fact, it's in that spirit that we have made progress these past years. That's how we revered from the worst enomic crisis in generations. That's how we reformed our health care system and reinvented our energy sector. That's how we delivered more care and benefits to our troops ming home and our veterans. That's how we secured the freedom in every State to marry the person we love. But such progress is not inevitable. It's the result of choices we make together. And we face such choices right now. Will we respond to the changes of our time with fear, turning inward as a nation, turning against each other as a people? Or will we face the future with nfidence in who we are, in what we stand for, in the incredible things that we can do together? So let's talk about the future and four big questions that I believe we as a untry have to answer, regardless of who the next President is or who ntrols the next Congress. First, how do we give everyone a fair shot at opportunity and security in this new enomy? Send, how do we make technology work for us and not against us, especially when it mes to solving urgent challenges like climate change? Third, how do we keep America safe and lead the world without beming its policeman? And finally, how can we make our politics reflect what's best in us and not what's worst? Let me start with the enomy and a basic fact: The United States of America right now has the strongest, most durable enomy in the world. We're in the middle of the longest streak of private sector job creation in history. More than million new jobs, the strongest years of job growth since the s, an unemployment rate cut in half. Our auto industry just had its best year ever. That's just part of a manufacturing surge that's created nearly , new jobs in the past years. And we've done all this while cutting our deficits by almost three-quarters. Anyone claiming that America's enomy is in decline is peddling fiction. Now, what is true—and the reason that a lot of Americans feel anxious—is that the enomy has been changing in profound ways, changes that started long before the great recession hit, changes that have not let up. Today, technology doesn't just replace jobs on the assembly line, but any job where work can be automated. Companies in a global enomy can locate anywhere, and they face tougher mpetition. As a result, workers have less leverage for a raise. Companies have less loyalty to their mmunities. And more and more wealth and inme is ncentrated at the very top. All these trends have squeezed workers, even when they have jobs, even when the enomy is growing. It's made it harder for a hard-working family to pull itself out of poverty, harder for young people to start their careers, tougher for workers to retire when they want to. And although none of these trends are unique to America, they do offend our uniquely American belief that everybody who works hard should get a fair shot. For the past years, our goal has been a growing enomy that also works better for everybody. We've made progress, but we need to make more. And despite all the political arguments that we've had these past few years, there are actually some areas where Americans broadly agree. We agree that real opportunity requires every American to get the education and training they need to land a good-paying job. The bipartisan reform of No Child Left Behind was an important start, and together, we've increased early childhood education, lifted high school graduation rates to new highs, boosted graduates in fields like engineering. In the ming years, we should build on that progress, by providing pre-K for all and offering every student the hands-on mputer science and math classes that make them job-ready on day one. We should recruit and support more great teachers for our kids. And we have to make llege affordable for every American. No hard-working student should be stuck in the red. We've already reduced student loan payments by—to percent of a borrower's inme. And that's good. But now we've actually got to cut the st of llege. Providing years of mmunity llege at no st for every responsible student is one of the best ways to do that, and I'm going to keep fighting to get that started this year. It's the right thing to do. But a great education isn't all we need in this new enomy. We also need benefits and protections that provide a basic measure of security. It's not too much of a stretch to say that some of the only people in America who are going to work the same job, in the same place, with a health and retirement package for years are sitting in this Chamber. Laughter] For everyone else, especially folks in their forties and fifties, saving for retirement or bouncing back from job loss has gotten a lot tougher. Americans understand that at some point in their careers, in this new enomy, they may have to retool, they may have to retrain. But they shouldn't lose what they've already worked so hard to build in the process. That's why Social Security and Medicare are more important than ever. We shouldn't weaken them, we should strengthen them. And for Americans short of retirement, basic benefits should be just as mobile as everything else is today. That, by the way, is what the Affordable Care Act is all about. It's about filling the gaps in employer-based care so that when you lose a job or you go back to school or you strike out and launch that new business, you'll still have verage. Nearly million people have gained verage so far. And in the process, health care inflation has slowed. And our businesses have created jobs every single month since it became law. Now, I'm guessing we won't agree on health care anytime soon, but—[laughter]—a little applause back there. Laughter] Just a guess. But there should be other ways parties can work together to improve enomic security. Say a hard-working American loses his job. We shouldn't just make sure that he can get unemployment insurance, we should make sure that program enurages him to retrain for a business that's ready to hire him. If that new job doesn't pay as much, there should be a system of wage insurance in place so that he can still pay his bills. And even if he's going from job to job, he should still be able to save for retirement and take his savings with him. That's the way we make the new enomy work better for everybody. I also know Speaker Ryan has talked about his interest in tackling poverty. America is about giving everybody willing to work a chance, a hand up. And I'd welme a serious discussion about strategies we can all support, like expanding tax cuts for low-inme workers who don't have children. But there are some areas where—we just have to be honest—it has been difficult to find agreement over the last years. And a lot of them fall under the category of what role the Government should play in making sure the system's not rigged in favor of the wealthiest and biggest rporations. And it's an honest disagreement, and the American people have a choice to make. I believe a thriving private sector is the lifeblood of our enomy. I think there are outdated regulations that need to be changed. There is redtape that needs to be cut. Applause] There you go Yes See? But after years now of rerd rporate profits, working families won't get more opportunity or bigger paychecks just by letting big banks or big oil or hedge funds make their own rules at everybody else's expense. Middle class families are not going to feel more secure because we allowed attacks on llective bargaining to go unanswered. Food stamp recipients did not cause the financial crisis; recklessness on Wall Street did. Immigrants aren't the principal reason wages haven't gone up; those decisions are made in the boardrooms that all too often put quarterly earnings over long-term returns. It's sure not the average family watching tonight that avoids paying taxes through offshore acunts. Laughter] The point is, I believe that in this new enomy, workers and startups and small businesses need more of a voice, not less. The rules should work for them. And I'm not alone in this. This year, I plan to lift up the many businesses who have figured out that doing right by their workers or their customers or their mmunities ends up being good for their shareholders. And I want to spread those best practices across America. That's part of a brighter future. In fact, it turns, out many of our best rporate citizens are also our most creative. And this brings me to the send big question we as a untry have to answer: How do we reignite that spirit of innovation to meet our biggest challenges? Sixty years ago, when the Russians beat us into space, we didn't deny Sputnik was up there. Laughter] We didn't argue about the science or shrink our research and development budget. We built a space program almost overnight. And years later, we were walking on the Moon. Now, that spirit of disvery is in our DNA. America is Thomas Edison and the Wright Brothers and George Washington Carver. America is Grace Hopper and Katherine Johnson and Sally Ride. America is every immigrant and entrepreneur from Boston to Austin to Silin Valley, racing to shape a better future. That's who we are. And over the past years, we've nurtured that spirit. We've protected an open Internet and taken bold new steps to get more students and low-inme Americans online. We've launched next-generation manufacturing hubs and online tools that give an entrepreneur everything he or she needs to start a business in a single day. But we can do so much more. Last year, Vice President Biden said that with a new moonshot, America can cure cancer. Last month, he worked with this Congress to give scientists at the National Institutes of Health the strongest resources that they've had in over a decade. Well—so tonight I'm announcing a new national effort to get it done. And because he's gone to the mat for all of us on so many issues over the past years, I'm putting Joe in charge of mission ntrol. For the loved ones we've all lost, for the families that we can still save, let's make America the untry that cures cancer once and for all. What do you say, Joe? Let's make it happen. Now, medical research is critical. We need the same level of mmitment when it mes to developing clean energy sources. Look, if anybody still wants to dispute the science around climate change, have at it. Laughter] You will be pretty lonely, because you'll be debating our military, most of America's business leaders, the majority of the American people, almost the entire scientific mmunity, and nations around the world who agree it's a problem and intend to solve it. But even if the planet wasn't at stake, even if wasn't the warmest year on rerd—until turned out to be even hotter—why would we want to pass up the chance for American businesses to produce and sell the energy of the future? Listen, years ago, we made the single biggest investment in clean energy in our history. Here are the results. In fields from Iowa to Texas, wind power is now cheaper than dirtier, nventional power. On rooftops from Arizona to New York, solar is saving Americans tens of millions of dollars a year on their energy bills and employs more Americans than al in jobs that pay better than average. We're taking steps to give homeowners the freedom to generate and store their own energy, something, by the way, that environmentalists and Tea Partiers have teamed up to support. And meanwhile, we've cut our imports of foreign oil by nearly percent and cut carbon pollution more than any other untry on Earth. Gas under bucks a gallon ain't bad either. Laughter] Now we've got to accelerate the transition away from old, dirtier energy sources. Rather than subsidize the past, we should invest in the future, especially in mmunities that rely on fossil fuels. We do them no favor when we don't show them where the trends are going. And that's why I'm going to push to change the way we manage our oil and al resources so that they better reflect the sts they impose on taxpayers and our planet. And that way, we put money back into those mmunities and put tens of thousands of Americans to work building a st-century transportation system. Now, none of this is going to happen overnight. And yes, there are plenty of entrenched interests who want to protect the status quo. But the jobs we'll create, the money we'll save, the planet we'll preserve—that is the kind of future our kids and our grandkids deserve. And it's within our grasp. Now, climate change is just one of many issues where our security is linked to the rest of the world. And that's why the third big question that we have to answer together is how to keep America safe and strong without either isolating ourselves or trying to nation-build everywhere there's a problem. Now, I told you earlier all the talk of America's enomic decline is political hot air. Well, so is all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker. Let me tell you something: The United States of America is the most powerful nation on Earth. Period. Applause] Period. It's not even close. Applause] It's not even close. It's not even close. We spend more on our military than the next eight nations mbined. Our troops are the finest fighting force in the history of the world. Applause] All right. No nation attacks us directly, or our allies, because they know that's the path to ruin. Surveys show our standing around the world is higher than when I was elected to this office, and when it mes to every important international issue, people of the world do not look to Beijing or Mosw to lead. They call us. So I think it's useful to level set here, because when we don't, we don't make good decisions. Now, as someone who begins every day with an intelligence briefing, I know this is a dangerous time. But that's not primarily because of some looming superpower out there, and it's certainly not because of diminished American strength. In today's world, we're threatened less by evil empires and more by failing states. The Middle East is going through a transformation that will play out for a generation, rooted in nflicts that date back millennia. Enomic headwinds are blowing in from a Chinese enomy that is in significant transition. Even as their enomy severely ntracts, Russia is pouring resources in to prop up Ukraine and Syria, client states that they saw slipping away from their orbit. And the international system we built after World War II is now struggling to keep pace with this new reality. It's up to us, the United States of America, to help remake that system. And to do that well, it means that we've got to set priorities. Priority number one is protecting the American people and going after terrorist networks. Both Al Qaida and now ISIL pose a direct threat to our people, because in today's world, even a handful of terrorists who place no value on human life, including their own, can do a lot of damage. They use the Internet to poison the minds of individuals inside our untry. Their actions undermine and destabilize our allies. We have to take them out. But as we focus on destroying ISIL, over-the-top claims that this is world war III just play into their hands. Masses of fighters on the back of pickup trucks, twisted souls plotting in apartments or garages, they pose an enormous danger to civilians; they have to be stopped. But they do not threaten our national existence. That is the story ISIL wants to tell. That's the kind of propaganda they use to recruit. We don't need to build them up to show that we're serious, and we sure don't need to push away vital allies in this fight by echoing the lie that ISIL is somehow representative of one of the world's largest religions. We just need to call them what they are: killers and fanatics who have to be rooted out, hunted down, and destroyed. And that's exactly what we're doing. For more than a year, America has led a alition of more than untries to cut off ISIL's financing, disrupt their plots, stop the flow of terrorist fighters, and stamp out their vicious ideology. With nearly , airstrikes, we're taking out their leadership, their oil, their training camps, their weapons. We're training, arming, and supporting forces who are steadily reclaiming territory in Iraq and Syria. If this Congress is serious about winning this war and wants to send a message to our troops and the world, authorize the use of military force against ISIL. Take a vote. Applause] Take a vote. But the American people should know that with or without ngressional action, ISIL will learn the same lessons as terrorists before them. If you doubt America's mmitment—or mine—to see that justice is done, just ask Usama bin Laden. Ask the leader of Al Qaida in Yemen, who was taken out last year, or the perpetrator of the Benghazi attacks, who sits in a prison cell. When you me after Americans, we go after you. And it may take time, but we have long memories, and our reach has no limits. Our foreign policy has to be focused on the threat from ISIL and Al Qaida, but it can't stop there. For even without ISIL, even without Al Qaida, instability will ntinue for decades in many parts of the world: in the Middle East, in Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan, in parts of Central America, in Africa and Asia. Some of these places may beme safe havens for new terrorist networks. Others will just fall victim to ethnic nflict or famine, feeding the next wave of refugees. The world will look to us to help solve these problems, and our answer needs to be more than tough talk or calls to carpet-bomb civilians. That may work as a TV sound bite, but it doesn't pass muster on the world stage. We also can't try to take over and rebuild every untry that falls into crisis, even if it's done with the best of intentions. That's not leadership; that's a recipe for quagmire, spilling American blood and treasure that ultimately will weaken us. It's the lesson of Vietnam; it's the lesson of Iraq. And we should have learned it by now. Now, fortunately there is a smarter approach: a patient and disciplined strategy that uses every element of our national power. It says America will always act, alone if necessary, to protect our people and our allies, but on issues of global ncern, we will mobilize the world to work with us and make sure other untries pull their own weight. That's our approach to nflicts like Syria, where we're partnering with local forces and leading international efforts to help that broken society pursue a lasting peace. That's why we built a global alition, with sanctions and principled diplomacy, to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran. And as we speak, Iran has rolled back its nuclear program, shipped out its uranium stockpile, and the world has avoided another war. That's how we stopped the spread of Ebola in West Africa. Our military, our doctors, our development workers—they were heroic; they set up the platform that then allowed other untries to join in behind us and stamp out that epidemic. Hundreds of thousands, maybe a uple million, lives were saved. That's how we forged a Trans-Pacific Partnership to open markets and protect workers and the environment and advance American leadership in Asia. It cuts , taxes on products made in America, which will then support more good jobs here in America. With TPP, China does not set the rules in that region, we do. You want to show our strength in this new century? Approve this agreement. Give us the tools to enforce it. It's the right thing to do. Let me give you another example. Fifty years of isolating Cuba had failed to promote democracy. It set us back in Latin America. That's why we restored diplomatic relations, opened the door to travel and mmerce, positioned ourselves to improve the lives of the Cuban people. So if you want to nsolidate our leadership and credibility in the hemisphere, regnize that the ld war is over. Lift the embargo. The point is, American leadership in the st century is not a choice between ignoring the rest of the world—except when we kill terrorists—or occupying and rebuilding whatever society is unraveling. Leadership means a wise application of military power and rallying the world behind causes that are right. It means seeing our foreign assistance as a part of our national security, not something separate, not charity. When we lead nearly nations to the most ambitious agreement in history to fight climate change, yes, that helps vulnerable untries, but it also protects our kids. When we help Ukraine defend its democracy or Colombia resolve a decades-long war, that strengthens the international order we depend on. When we help African untries feed their people and care for the sick, it's the right thing to do, and it prevents the next pandemic from reaching our shores. Right now we're on track to end the surge of HIV/AIDS. That's within our grasp. And we have the chance to acmplish the same thing with malaria, something I'll be pushing this Congress to fund this year. That's American strength. That's American leadership. And that kind of leadership depends on the power of our example. That's why I will keep working to shut down the prison at Guantanamo. It is expensive, it is unnecessary, and it only serves as a recruitment brochure for our enemies. There's a better way. And that's why we need to reject any politics—any politics—that targets people because of race or religion. Let me just say this. This is not a matter of political rrectness, this is a matter of understanding just what it is that makes us strong. The world respects us not just for our arsenal, it respects us for our diversity and our openness and the way we respect every faith. His Holiness Pope Francis told this body from the very spot that I'm standing on tonight that to imitate the hatred and violence of tyrants and murderers is the best way to take their place." When politicians insult Muslims, whether abroad or our fellow citizens, when a mosque is vandalized or a kid is called names, that doesn't make us safer. That's not telling it what—telling it like it is. It's just wrong. It diminishes us in the eyes of the world. It makes it harder to achieve our goals. It betrays who we are as a untry. We the People." Our Constitution begins with those three simple words, words we've me to regnize mean all the people, not just some; words that insist we rise and fall together, that that's how we might perfect our Union. And that brings me to the fourth and maybe most important thing that I want to say tonight. The future we want—all of us want—opportunity and security for our families, a rising standard of living, a sustainable, peaceful planet for our kids—all that is within our reach. But it will only happen if we work together. It will only happen if we can have rational, nstructive debates. It will only happen if we fix our politics. A better politics doesn't mean we have to agree on everything. This is a big untry: different regions, different attitudes, different interests. That's one of our strengths too. Our Founders distributed power between States and branches of government and expected us to argue, just as they did, fiercely, over the size and shape of government, over mmerce and foreign relations, over the meaning of liberty and the imperatives of security. But democracy does require basic bonds of trust between its citizens. It doesn't work if we think the people who disagree with us are all motivated by malice. It doesn't work if we think that our political opponents are unpatriotic or trying to weaken America. Democracy grinds to a halt without a willingness to mpromise or when even basic facts are ntested or when we listen only to those who agree with us. Our public life withers when only the most extreme voices get all the attention. And most of all, democracy breaks down when the average person feels their voice doesn't matter, that the system is rigged in favor of the rich or the powerful or some special interest. Too many Americans feel that way right now. It's one of the few regrets of my Presidency: that the ranr and suspicion between the parties has gotten worse instead of better. I have no doubt, a President with the gifts of Linln or Roosevelt might have better bridged the divide, and I guarantee, I'll keep trying to be better so long as I hold this office. But, my fellow Americans, this cannot be my task—or any President's—alone. There are a whole lot of folks in this Chamber, good people, who would like to see more operation, would like to see a more elevated debate in Washington, but feel trapped by the imperatives of getting elected, by the noise ming out of your base. I know; you've told me. It's the worst kept secret in Washington. And a lot of you aren't enjoying being trapped in that kind of ranr. But that means if we want a better politics—and I'm addressing the American people now—if we want a better politics, it's not enough just to change a Congressman or change a Senator or even change a President. We have to change the system to reflect our better selves. I think we've got to end the practice of drawing our ngressional districts so that politicians can pick their voters and not the other way around. Let a bipartisan group do it. I believe we've got to reduce the influence of money in our politics so that a handful of families or hidden interests can't bankroll our elections. And if our existing approach to campaign finance reform can't pass muster in the urts, we need to work together to find a real solution. Because it's a problem. And most of you don't like raising money. Laughter] I know. I've done it. We've got to make it easier to vote, not harder. We need to modernize it for the way we live now. This is America: We want to make it easier for people to participate. And over the urse of this year, I intend to travel the untry to push for reforms that do just that. But I can't do these things on my own. Changes in our political process—in not just who gets elected, but how they get elected—that will only happen when the American people demand it. It depends on you. That's what's meant by a government of, by, and for the people. What I'm suggesting is hard. It's a lot easier to be cynical; to accept that change is not possible and politics is hopeless and the problem is, all the folks who are elected don't care; and to believe that our voices and our actions don't matter. But if we give up now, then we forsake a better future. Those with money and power will gain greater ntrol over the decisions that uld send a young soldier to war or allow another enomic disaster or roll back the equal rights and voting rights that generations of Americans have fought, even died, to secure. And then, as frustration grows, there will be voices urging us to fall back into our respective tribes, to scapegoat fellow citizens who don't look like us or pray like us or vote like we do or share the same background. We can't afford to go down that path. It won't deliver the enomy we want. It will not produce the security we want. But most of all, it ntradicts everything that makes us the envy of the world. So, my fellow Americans, whatever you may believe, whether you prefer one party or no party, whether you supported my agenda or fought as hard as you uld against it, our llective futures depends on your willingness to uphold your duties as a citizen. To vote. To speak out. To stand up for others, especially the weak, especially the vulnerable, knowing that each of us is only here because somebody, somewhere, stood up for us. We need every American to stay active in our public life—and not just during election time—so that our public life reflects the goodness and the decency that I see in the American people every single day. It is not easy. Our brand of democracy is hard. But I can promise that a little over a year from now, when I no longer hold this office, I will be right there with you as a citizen, inspired by those voices of fairness and vision, of grit and good humor and kindness, that have helped America travel so far. Voices that help us see ourselves not, first and foremost, as Black or White or Asian or Latino, not as gay or straight, immigrant or native born, not Democrat or Republican, but as Americans first, bound by a mmon creed. Voices Dr. King believed would have the final word: voices of unarmed truth and unnditional love." And they're out there, those voices. They don't get a lot of attention; they don't seek a lot of fanfare; but they're busy doing the work this untry needs doing. I see them everywhere I travel in this incredible untry of ours. I see you, the American people. And in your daily acts of citizenship, I see our future unfolding. I see it in the worker on the assembly line who clocked extra shifts to keep his mpany open and the boss who pays him higher wages instead of laying him off. I see it in the dreamer who stays up late at night to finish her science project and the teacher who mes in early, maybe with some extra supplies that she bought because she knows that that young girl might someday cure a disease. I see it in the American who served his time, made bad mistakes as a child, but now is dreaming of starting over. And I see it in the business owner who gives him that send chance. The protester determined to prove that justice matters and the young p walking the beat, treating everybody with respect, doing the brave, quiet work of keeping us safe. I see it in the soldier who gives almost everything to save his brothers, the nurse who tends to him till he can run a marathon, the mmunity that lines up to cheer him on. It's the son who finds the urage to me out as who he is and the father whose love for that son overrides everything he's been taught. I see it in the elderly woman who will wait in line to cast her vote as long as she has to, the new citizen who casts his vote for the first time, the volunteers at the polls who believe every vote should unt. Because each of them, in different ways, know how much that precious right is worth. That's the America I know. That's the untry we love: clear eyed, big hearted, undaunted by challenge. Optimistic that unarmed truth and unnditional love will have the final word. That's what makes me so hopeful about our future. I believe in change because I believe in you, the American people. And that's why I stand here as nfident as I have ever been that the state of our Union is strong. Thank you. God bless you. God bless the United States of America. Thank you. But tonight we turn the page. Tonight, after a breakthrough year for America, our enomy is growing and creating jobs at the fastest pace since . Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis. More of our kids are graduating than ever before. More of our people are insured than ever before. And we are as free from the grip of foreign oil as we've been in almost years. Tonight, for the first time since /, our mbat mission in Afghanistan is over. Six years ago, nearly , American troops served in Iraq and Afghanistan. Today, fewer than , remain. And we salute the urage and sacrifice of every man and woman in this / generation who has served to keep us safe. We are humbled and grateful for your service. America, for all that we have endured, for all the grit and hard work required to me back, for all the tasks that lie ahead, know this: The shadow of crisis has passed, and the State of the Union is strong. At this moment—with a growing enomy, shrinking deficits, bustling industry, booming energy production—we have risen from recession freer to write our own future than any other nation on Earth. It's now up to us to choose who we want to be over the next years and for decades to me. Will we accept an enomy where only a few of us do spectacularly well? Or will we mmit ourselves to an enomy that generates rising inmes and chances for everyone who makes the effort? Will we approach the world fearful and reactive, dragged into stly nflicts that strain our military and set back our standing? Or will we lead wisely, using all elements of our power to defeat new threats and protect our planet? Will we allow ourselves to be sorted into factions and turned against one another? Or will we recapture the sense of mmon purpose that has always propelled America forward? In weeks, I will send this Congress a budget filled with ideas that are practical, not partisan. And in the months ahead, I'll crisscross the untry making a case for those ideas. So tonight I want to focus less on a checklist of proposals and focus more on the values at stake in the choices before us. It begins with our enomy. Seven years ago, Rebekah and Ben Erler of Minneapolis were newlyweds. Laughter] She waited tables. He worked nstruction. Their first child Jack was on the way. They were young and in love in America. And it doesn't get much better than that. If only we had known," Rebekah wrote to me last spring, what was about to happen to the housing and nstruction market." As the crisis worsened, Ben's business dried up, so he took what jobs he uld find, even if they kept him on the road for long stretches of time. Rebekah took out student loans and enrolled in mmunity llege and retrained for a new career. They sacrificed for each other. And slowly, it paid off. They bought their first home. They had a send son Henry. Rebekah got a better job and then a raise. Ben is back in nstruction and home for dinner every night. "It is amazing," Rebekah wrote, what you can bounce back from when you have to. We are a strong, tight-knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times." We are a strong, tight-knit family who has made it through some very, very hard times. America, Rebekah and Ben's story is our story. They represent the millions who have worked hard and scrimped and sacrificed and retooled. You are the reason that I ran for this office. You are the people I was thinking of years ago today, in the darkest months of the crisis, when I stood on the steps of this Capitol and promised we would rebuild our enomy on a new foundation. And it has been your resilience, your effort that has made it possible for our untry to emerge stronger. We believed we uld reverse the tide of outsourcing and draw new jobs to our shores. And over the past years, our businesses have created more than million new jobs. We believed we uld reduce our dependence on foreign oil and protect our planet. And today, America is number one in oil and gas. America is number one in wind power. Every weeks, we bring online as much solar power as we did in all of . And thanks to lower gas prices and higher fuel standards, the typical family this year should save about at the pump. We believed we uld prepare our kids for a more mpetitive world. And today, our younger students have earned the highest math and reading sres on rerd. Our high school graduation rate has hit an alltime high. More Americans finish llege than ever before. We believed that sensible regulations uld prevent another crisis, shield families from ruin, and enurage fair mpetition. Today, we have new tools to stop taxpayer-funded bailouts and a new nsumer watchdog to protect us from predatory lending and abusive credit card practices. And in the past year alone, about million uninsured Americans finally gained the security of health verage. At every step, we were told our goals were misguided or too ambitious, that we would crush jobs and explode deficits. Instead, we've seen the fastest enomic growth in over a decade, our deficits cut by two-thirds, a stock market that has doubled, and health care inflation at its lowest rate in years. This is good news, people. Laughter] So the verdict is clear. Middle class enomics works. Expanding opportunity works. And these policies will ntinue to work as long as politics don't get in the way. We can't slow down businesses or put our enomy at risk with Government shutdowns or fiscal showdowns. We can't put the security of families at risk by taking away their health insurance or unraveling the new rules on Wall Street or refighting past battles on immigration when we've got to fix a broken system. And if a bill mes to my desk that tries to do any of these things, I will veto it. It will have earned my veto. Today, thanks to a growing enomy, the revery is touching more and more lives. Wages are finally starting to rise again. We know that more small-business owners plan to raise their employees' pay than at any time since . But here's the thing: Those of us here tonight, we need to set our sights higher than just making sure Government doesn't screw things up—[laughter]—that Government doesn't halt the progress we're making. We need to do more than just do no harm. Tonight, together, let's do more to restore the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American. Because families like Rebekah's still need our help. She and Ben are working as hard as ever, but they've had to forego vacations and a new car so that they can pay off student loans and save for retirement. Friday night pizza, that's a big splurge. Basic childcare for Jack and Henry sts more than their mortgage and almost as much as a year at the University of Minnesota. Like millions of hard-working Americans, Rebekah isn't asking for a handout, but she is asking that we look for more ways to help families get ahead. And in fact, at every moment of enomic change throughout our history, this untry has taken bold action to adapt to new circumstances and to make sure everyone gets a fair shot. We set up worker protections, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid to protect ourselves from the harshest adversity. We gave our citizens schools and lleges, infrastructure and the Internet, tools they needed to go as far as their efforts and their dreams will take them. That's what middle class enomics is: the idea that this untry does best when everyone gets their fair shot, everyone does their fair share, everyone plays by the same set of rules. We don't just want everyone to share in America's success, we want everyone to ntribute to our success. So what does middle class enomics require in our time? First, middle class enomics means helping working families feel more secure in a world of nstant change. That means helping folks afford childcare, llege, health care, a home, retirement. And my budget will address each of these issues, lowering the taxes of working families and putting thousands of dollars back into their pockets each year. Here's one example. During World War II, when men like my grandfather went off to war, having women like my grandmother in the workforce was a national security priority, so this untry provided universal childcare. In today's enomy, when having both parents in the workforce is an enomic necessity for many families, we need affordable, high-quality childcare more than ever. It's not a nice-to-have, it's a must-have. So it's time we stop treating childcare as a side issue, or as a women's issue, and treat it like the national enomic priority that it is for all of us. And that's why my plan will make quality childcare more available and more affordable for every middle class and low-inme family with young children in America, by creating more slots and a new tax cut of up to , per child, per year. Here's another example. Today, we are the only advanced untry on Earth that doesn't guarantee paid sick leave or paid maternity leave to our workers. Forty-three million workers have no paid sick leave— million. Think about that. And that forces too many parents to make the gut-wrenching choice between a paycheck and a sick kid at home. So I'll be taking new action to help States adopt paid leave laws of their own. And since paid sick leave won where it was on the ballot last November, let's put it to a vote right here in Washington. Send me a bill that gives every worker in America the opportunity to earn days of paid sick leave. It's the right thing to do. Applause] It's the right thing to do. Of urse, nothing helps families make ends meet like higher wages. That's why this Congress still needs to pass a law that makes sure a woman is paid the same as a man for doing the same work. I mean, it's . Laughter] It's time. We still need to make sure employees get the overtime they've earned. And to everyone in this Congress who still refuses to raise the minimum wage, I say this: If you truly believe you uld work full time and support a family on less than , a year, try it. If not, vote to give millions of the hardest working people in America a raise. Now, these ideas won't make everybody rich, won't relieve every hardship. That's not the job of government. To give working families a fair shot, we still need more employers to see beyond next quarter's earnings and regnize that investing in their workforce is in their mpany's long-term interest. We still need laws that strengthen rather than weaken unions, and give American workers a voice. But you know, things like childcare and sick leave and equal pay, things like lower mortgage premiums and a higher minimum wage—these ideas will make a meaningful difference in the lives of millions of families. That's a fact. And that's what all of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, were sent here to do. Now, send, to make sure folks keep earning higher wages down the road, we have to do more to help Americans upgrade their skills. America thrived in the th century because we made high school free, sent a generation of GIs to llege, trained the best workforce in the world. We were ahead of the curve. But other untries caught on. And in a st-century enomy that rewards knowledge like never before, we need to up our game. We need to do more. By the end of this decade, two in three job openings will require some higher education—two in three. And yet we still live in a untry where too many bright, striving Americans are priced out of the education they need. It's not fair to them, and it's sure not smart for our future. And that's why I'm sending this Congress a bold new plan to lower the st of mmunity llege to zero. Keep in mind, percent of our llege students choose mmunity llege. Some are young and starting out. Some are older and looking for a better job. Some are veterans and single parents trying to transition back into the job market. Whoever you are, this plan is your chance to graduate ready for the new enomy without a load of debt. Understand, you've got to earn it. You've got to keep your grades up and graduate on time. Tennessee, a State with Republican leadership, and Chicago, a city with Democratic leadership, are showing that free mmunity llege is possible. I want to spread that idea all across America so that years of llege bemes as free and universal in America as high school is today. Let's stay ahead of the curve. And I want to work with this Congress to make sure those already burdened with student loans can reduce their monthly payments so that student debt doesn't derail anyone's dreams. Thanks to Vice President Biden's great work to update our job training system, we're nnecting mmunity lleges with local employers to train workers to fill high-paying jobs like ding and nursing and robotics. Tonight I'm also asking more businesses to follow the lead of mpanies like CVS and UPS and offer more educational benefits and paid apprenticeships, opportunities that give workers the chance to earn higher paying jobs even if they don't have a higher education. And as a new generation of veterans mes home, we owe them every opportunity to live the American Dream they helped defend. Already, we've made strides towards ensuring that every veteran has access to the highest quality care. We're slashing the backlog that had too many veterans waiting years to get the benefits they need. And we're making it easier for vets to translate their training and experience into civilian jobs. And Joining Forces, the national campaign launched by Michelle and Jill Biden—[applause]—thank you, Michelle; thank you, Jill—has helped nearly , veterans and military spouses get a new job. So to every CEO in America, let me repeat: If you want somebody who's going to get the job done and done right, hire a veteran. Finally, as we better train our workers, we need the new enomy to keep churning out high-wage jobs for our workers to fill. Since , America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced enomies mbined. Our manufacturers have added almost , new jobs. Some of our bedrock sectors, like our auto industry, are booming. But there are also millions of Americans who work in jobs that didn't even exist or years ago, jobs at mpanies like Google and eBay and Tesla. So no one knows for certain which industries will generate the jobs of the future. But we do know we want them here in America. We know that. And that's why the third part of middle class enomics is all about building the most mpetitive enomy anywhere, the place where businesses want to locate and hire. Twenty-first century businesses need st-century infrastructure: modern ports and stronger bridges, faster trains and the fastest Internet. Democrats and Republicans used to agree on this. So let's set our sights higher than a single oil pipeline. Let's pass a bipartisan infrastructure plan that uld create more than times as many jobs per year and make this untry stronger for decades to me. Let's do it. Let's get it done. Applause] Let's get it done. Twenty-first century businesses, including small businesses, need to sell more American products overseas. Today, our businesses export more than ever, and exporters tend to pay their workers higher wages. But as we speak, China wants to write the rules for the world's fastest growing region. That would put our workers and our businesses at a disadvantage. Why would we let that happen? We should write those rules. We should level the playing field. And that's why I'm asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers, with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren't just free, but are also fair. It's the right thing to do. Look, I'm the first one to admit that past trade deals haven't always lived up to the hype, and that's why we've gone after untries that break the rules at our expense. But percent of the world's customers live outside our borders. We can't close ourselves off from those opportunities. More than half of manufacturing executives have said they're actively looking to bring jobs back from China. So let's give them one more reason to get it done. Twenty-first century businesses will rely on American science and technology, research and development. I want the untry that eliminated polio and mapped the human genome to lead a new era of medicine, one that delivers the right treatment at the right time. In some patients with cystic fibrosis, this approach has reversed a disease once thought unstoppable. So tonight I'm launching a new precision medicine initiative to bring us closer to curing diseases like cancer and diabetes and to give all of us access to the personalized information we need to keep ourselves and our families healthier. We can do this. I intend to protect a free and open Internet, extend its reach to every classroom and every mmunity and help folks build the fastest networks so that the next generation of digital innovators and entrepreneurs have the platform to keep reshaping our world. I want Americans to win the race for the kinds of disveries that unleash new jobs: nverting sunlight into liquid fuel; creating revolutionary prosthetics so that a veteran who gave his arms for his untry can play catch with his kids again; pushing out into the solar system not just to visit, but to stay. Last month, we launched a new spacecraft as part of a reenergized space program that will send American astronauts to Mars. And in months, to prepare us for those missions, Stt Kelly will begin a year-long stay in space. So good luck, Captain. Make sure to Instagram it. We're proud of you. Now, the truth is, when it mes to issues like infrastructure and basic research, I know there's bipartisan support in this Chamber. Members of both parties have told me so. Where we too often run onto the rocks is how to pay for these investments. As Americans, we don't mind paying our fair share of taxes as long as everybody else does too. But for far too long, lobbyists have rigged the Tax Code with loopholes that let some rporations pay nothing while others pay full freight. They've riddled it with giveaways that the super-rich don't need, while denying a break to middle class families who do. This year, we have an opportunity to change that. Let's close loopholes so we stop rewarding mpanies that keep profits abroad and reward those that invest here in America. Let's use those savings to rebuild our infrastructure and to make it more attractive for mpanies to bring jobs home. Let's simplify the system and let a small-business owner file based on her actual bank statement, instead of the number of acuntants she can afford. And let's close the loopholes that lead to inequality by allowing the top percent to avoid paying taxes on their accumulated wealth. We can use that money to help more families pay for childcare and send their kids to llege. We need a Tax Code that truly helps working Americans trying to get a leg up in the new enomy, and we can achieve that together. Applause] We can achieve it together. Helping hard-working families make ends meet, giving them the tools they need for good-paying jobs in this new enomy, maintaining the nditions of growth and mpetitiveness—this is where America needs to go. I believe it's where the American people want to go. It will make our enomy stronger a year from now, years from now, and deep into the century ahead. Of urse, if there's one thing this new century has taught us, it's that we cannot separate our work here at home from challenges beyond our shores. My first duty as Commander in Chief is to defend the United States of America. In doing so, the question is not whether America leads in the world, but how. When we make rash decisions, reacting to the headlines instead of using our heads, when the first response to a challenge is to send in our military, then we risk getting drawn into unnecessary nflicts and neglect the broader strategy we need for a safer, more prosperous world. That's what our enemies want us to do. I believe in a smarter kind of American leadership. We lead best when we mbine military power with strong diplomacy, when we leverage our power with alition building, when we don't let our fears blind us to the opportunities that this new century presents. That's exactly what we're doing right now. And around the globe, it is making a difference. First, we stand united with people around the world who have been targeted by terrorists, from a school in Pakistan to the streets of Paris. We will ntinue to hunt down terrorists and dismantle their networks, and we reserve the right to act unilaterally, as we have done relentlessly since I took office, to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to us and our allies. At the same time, we've learned some stly lessons over the last years. Instead of Americans patrolling the valleys of Afghanistan, we've trained their security forces, who have now taken the lead, and we've honored our troops' sacrifice by supporting that untry's first democratic transition. Instead of sending large ground forces overseas, we're partnering with nations from South Asia to North Africa to deny safe haven to terrorists who threaten America. In Iraq and Syria, American leadership—including our military power—is stopping ISIL's advance. Instead of getting dragged into another ground war in the Middle East, we are leading a broad alition, including Arab nations, to degrade and ultimately destroy this terrorist group. We're also supporting a moderate opposition in Syria that can help us in this effort and assisting people everywhere who stand up to the bankrupt ideology of violent extremism. Now, this effort will take time. It will require focus. But we will succeed. And tonight I call on this Congress to show the world that we are united in this mission by passing a resolution to authorize the use of force against ISIL. We need that authority. Send, we're demonstrating the power of American strength and diplomacy. We're upholding the principle that bigger nations can't bully the small, by opposing Russian aggression and supporting Ukraine's democracy and reassuring our NATO allies. Last year, as we were doing the hard work of imposing sanctions along with our allies, as we were reinforcing our presence with frontline states, Mr. Putin's aggression, it was suggested, was a masterful display of strategy and strength. That's what I heard from some folks. Laughter] Well, today, it is America that stands strong and united with our allies, while Russia is isolated with its enomy in tatters. That's how America leads: not with bluster, but with persistent, steady resolve. In Cuba, we are ending a policy that was long past its expiration date. When what you're doing doesn't work for years, it's time to try something new. Laughter] And our shift in Cuba policy has the potential to end a legacy of mistrust in our hemisphere. It removes a phony excuse for restrictions in Cuba. It stands up for democratic values and extends the hand of friendship to the Cuban people. And this year, Congress should begin the work of ending the embargo. As His Holiness Pope Francis has said, diplomacy is the work of small steps." And these small steps have added up to new hope for the future in Cuba. And after years in prison, we are overjoyed that Alan Gross is back where he belongs. Welme home, Alan. We're glad you're here. Our diplomacy is at work with respect to Iran, where, for the first time in a decade, we've halted the progress of its nuclear program and reduced its stockpile of nuclear material. Between now and this spring, we have a chance to negotiate a mprehensive agreement that prevents a nuclear-armed Iran, secures America and our allies, including Israel, while avoiding yet another Middle East nflict. There are no guarantees that negotiations will succeed, and I keep all options on the table to prevent a nuclear Iran. But new sanctions passed by this Congress, at this moment in time, will all but guarantee that diplomacy fails: alienating America from its allies, making it harder to maintain sanctions, and ensuring that Iran starts up its nuclear program again. It doesn't make sense. And that's why I will veto any new sanctions bill that threatens to undo this progress. The American people expect us only to go to war as a last resort, and I intend to stay true to that wisdom. Third, we're looking beyond the issues that have nsumed us in the past to shape the ming century. No foreign nation, no hacker, should be able to shut down our networks, steal our trade secrets, or invade the privacy of American families, especially our kids. So we're making sure our Government integrates intelligence to mbat cyber threats, just as we have done to mbat terrorism. And tonight I urge this Congress to finally pass the legislation we need to better meet the evolving threat of cyber attacks, mbat identity theft, and protect our children's information. That should be a bipartisan effort. If we don't act, we'll leave our Nation and our enomy vulnerable. If we do, we can ntinue to protect the technologies that have unleashed untold opportunities for people around the globe. In West Africa, our troops, our scientists, our doctors, our nurses, our health care workers are rolling back Ebola, saving untless lives and stopping the spread of disease. I uld not be prouder of them, and I thank this Congress for your bipartisan support of their efforts. But the job is not yet done, and the world needs to use this lesson to build a more effective global effort to prevent the spread of future pandemics, invest in smart development, and eradicate extreme poverty. In the Asia-Pacific, we are modernizing alliances while making sure that other nations play by the rules: in how they trade, how they resolve maritime disputes, how they participate in meeting mmon international challenges like nonproliferation and disaster relief. And no challenge—no challenge—poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. Two thousand fourteen was the planet's warmest year on rerd. Now, year doesn't make a trend, but this does: of the warmest years on rerd have all fallen in the first years of this century. Now, I've heard some folks try to dodge the evidence by saying they're not scientists, that we don't have enough information to act. Well, I'm not a scientist, either. But you know what, I know a lot of really good scientists—[laughter]—at NASA and at NOAA and at our major universities. And the best scientists in the world are all telling us that our activities are changing the climate, and if we don't act forcefully, we'll ntinue to see rising oceans, longer, hotter heat waves, dangerous droughts and floods, and massive disruptions that can trigger greater migration and nflict and hunger around the globe. The Pentagon says that climate change poses immediate risks to our national security. We should act like it. And that's why, over the past years, we've done more than ever to mbat climate change, from the way we produce energy to the way we use it. That's why we've set aside more public lands and waters than any administration in history. And that's why I will not let this Congress endanger the health of our children by turning back the clock on our efforts. I am determined to make sure that American leadership drives international action. In Beijing, we made a historic announcement: The United States will double the pace at which we cut carbon pollution. And China mmitted, for the first time, to limiting their emissions. And because the world's two largest enomies came together, other nations are now stepping up and offering hope that this year the world will finally reach an agreement to protect the one planet we've got. And there's one last pillar of our leadership, and that's the example of our values. As Americans, we respect human dignity, even when we're threatened, which is why I have prohibited torture and worked to make sure our use of new technology like drones is properly nstrained. It's why we speak out against the deplorable anti-Semitism that has resurfaced in certain parts of the world. It's why we ntinue to reject offensive stereotypes of Muslims, the vast majority of whom share our mmitment to peace. That's why we defend free speech and advocate for political prisoners and ndemn the persecution of women or religious minorities or people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. We do these things not only because they are the right thing to do, but because ultimately, they will make us safer. As Americans, we have a profound mmitment to justice. So it makes no sense to spend million per prisoner to keep open a prison that the world ndemns and terrorists use to recruit. Since I've been President, we've worked responsibly to cut the population of Gitmo in half. Now it is time to finish the job. And I will not relent in my determination to shut it down. It is not who we are. It's time to close Gitmo. As Americans, we cherish our civil liberties, and we need to uphold that mmitment if we want maximum operation from other untries and industry in our fight against terrorist networks. So while some have moved on from the debates over our surveillance programs, I have not. As promised, our intelligence agencies have worked hard, with the remmendations of privacy advocates, to increase transparency and build more safeguards against potential abuse. And next month, we'll issue a report on how we're keeping our promise to keep our untry safe while strengthening privacy. Looking to the future instead of the past, making sure we match our power with diplomacy and use force wisely, building alitions to meet new challenges and opportunities, leading always with the example of our values—that's what makes us exceptional. That's what keeps us strong. That's why we have to keep striving to hold ourselves to the highest of standards: our own. You know, just over a decade ago, I gave a speech in Boston where I said there wasn't a liberal America or a nservative America, a Black America or a White America, but a United States of America. I said this because I had seen it in my own life, in a nation that gave someone like me a chance; because I grew up in Hawaii, a melting pot of races and customs; because I made Illinois my home, a State of small towns, rich farmland, one of the world's great cities, a microsm of the untry where Democrats and Republicans and Independents, good people of every ethnicity and every faith, share certain bedrock values. Over the past years, the pundits have pointed out more than once that my Presidency hasn't delivered on this vision. How ironic, they say, that our politics seems more divided than ever. It's held up as proof not just of my own flaws—of which there are many—but also as proof that the vision itself is misguided, naive, that there are too many people in this town who actually benefit from partisanship and gridlock for us to ever do anything about it. I know how tempting such cynicism may be. But I still think the cynics are wrong. I still believe that we are one people. I still believe that together, we can do great things, even when the odds are long. I believe this because over and over in my years in office, I have seen America at its best. I've seen the hopeful faces of young graduates from New York to California and our newest officers at West Point, Annapolis, Colorado Springs, New London. I've mourned with grieving families in Tucson and Newtown, in Boston, in West, Texas, and West Virginia. I've watched Americans beat back adversity from the Gulf Coast to the Great Plains, from Midwest assembly lines to the Mid-Atlantic seaboard. I've seen something like gay marriage go from a wedge issue used to drive us apart to a story of freedom across our untry, a civil right now legal in States that in Americans call home. So I know the good and optimistic and big-hearted generosity of the American people who every day live the idea that we are our brother's keeper and our sister's keeper. And I know they expect those of us who serve here to set a better example. So the question for those of us here tonight is how we, all of us, can better reflect America's hopes. I've served in Congress with many of you. I know many of you well. There are a lot of good people here on both sides of the aisle. And many of you have told me that this isn't what you signed up for: arguing past each other on cable shows, the nstant fundraising, always looking over your shoulder at how the base will react to every decision. Imagine if we broke out of these tired old patterns. Imagine if we did something different. Understand, a better politics isn't one where Democrats abandon their agenda or Republicans simply embrace mine. A better politics is one where we appeal to each other's basic decency instead of our basest fears. A better politics is one where we debate without demonizing each other, where we talk issues and values and principles and facts rather than gotcha" moments or trivial gaffes or fake ntroversies that have nothing to do with people's daily lives. A politics—a better politics is one where we spend less time drowning in dark money for ads that pull us into the gutter and spend more time lifting young people up with a sense of purpose and possibility, asking them to join in the great mission of building America. If we're going to have arguments, let's have arguments, but let's make them debates worthy of this body and worthy of this untry. We still may not agree on a woman's right to choose, but surely we can agree it's a good thing that teen pregnancies and abortions are nearing alltime lows and that every woman should have access to the health care that she needs. Yes, passions still fly on immigration, but surely we can all see something of ourselves in the striving young student and agree that no one benefits when a hard-working mom is snatched from her child and that it's possible to shape a law that upholds our tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. I've talked to Republicans and Democrats about that. That's something that we can share. We may go at it in campaign season, but surely we can agree that the right to vote is sacred, that it's being denied to too many, and that on this th anniversary of the great march from Selma to Montgomery and the passage of the Voting Rights Act, we can me together, Democrats and Republicans, to make voting easier for every single American. We may have different takes on the events of Ferguson and New York. But surely we can understand a father who fears his son can't walk home without being harassed. And surely we can understand the wife who won't rest until the police officer she married walks through the front door at the end of his shift. And surely we can agree that it's a good thing that for the first time in years, the crime rate and the incarceration rate have me down together, and use that as a starting point for Democrats and Republicans, mmunity leaders and law enforcement, to reform America's criminal justice system so that it protects and serves all of us. That's a better politics. That's how we start rebuilding trust. That's how we move this untry forward. That's what the American people want. And that's what they deserve. I have no more campaigns to run. [At this point, some audience members applauded.] My only agenda—[laughter]. Audience member. Inaudible] The President. I know because I won both of them. Laughter] My only agenda for the next years is the same as the one I've had since the day I swore an oath on the steps of this Capitol: to do what I believe is best for America. If you share the broad vision I outlined tonight, I ask you to join me in the work at hand. If you disagree with parts of it, I hope you'll at least work with me where you do agree. And I mmit to every Republican here tonight that I will not only seek out your ideas, I will seek to work with you to make this untry stronger. Because I want this Chamber, I want this city to reflect the truth: that for all our blind spots and shortmings, we are a people with the strength and generosity of spirit to bridge divides, to unite in mmon effort, to help our neighbors, whether down the street or on the other side of the world. I want our actions to tell every child in every neighborhood, your life matters, and we are mmitted to improving your life chances, as mmitted as we are to working on behalf of our own kids. I want future generations to know that we are a people who see our differences as a great gift, that we're a people who value the dignity and worth of every citizen: man and woman, young and old, Black and White, Latino, Asian, immigrant, Native American, gay, straight, Americans with mental illness or physical disability. Everybody matters. I want them to grow up in a untry that shows the world what we still know to be true: that we are still more than a llection of red States and blue States, that we are the United States of America. I want them to grow up in a untry where a young mom can sit down and write a letter to her President with a story that sums up these past years: It's amazing what you can bounce back from when you have to. We are a strong, tight-knit family who's made it through some very, very hard times." My fellow Americans, we too are a strong, tight-knit family. We too have made it through some hard times. Fifteen years into this new century, we have picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and begun again the work of remaking America. We have laid a new foundation. A brighter future is ours to write. Let's begin this new chapter together, and let's start the work right now. Thank you. God bless you. God bless this untry we love. Thank you. A farmer prepared for the spring after the strongest -year stretch of farm exports in our history. A rural doctor gave a young child the first prescription to treat asthma that his mother uld afford. A man took the bus home from the graveyard shift, bone-tired, but dreaming big dreams for his son. And in tight-knit mmunities all across America, fathers and mothers will tuck in their kids, put an arm around their spouse, remember fallen mrades, and give thanks for being home from a war that after long years is finally ming to an end. Tonight this Chamber speaks with one voice to the people we represent: It is you, our citizens, who make the state of our Union strong. And here are the results of your efforts: the lowest unemployment rate in over years; a rebounding housing market; a manufacturing sector that's adding jobs for the first time since the s; more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world, the first time that's happened in nearly years; our deficits cut by more than half. And for the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the world's number-one place to invest, America is. That's why I believe this can be a breakthrough year for America. After years of grit and determined effort, the United States is better positioned for the st century than any other nation on Earth. The question for everyone in this Chamber, running through every decision we make this year, is whether we are going to help or hinder this progress. For several years now, this town has been nsumed by a ranrous argument over the proper size of the Federal Government. It's an important debate, one that dates back to our very founding. But when that debate prevents us from carrying out even the most basic functions of our democracy—when our differences shut down Government or threaten the full faith and credit of the United States—then we are not doing right by the American people. Now, as President, I'm mmitted to making Washington work better and rebuilding the trust of the people who sent us here. And I believe most of you are too. Last month, thanks to the work of Democrats and Republicans, Congress finally produced a budget that undoes some of last year's severe cuts to priorities like education. Nobody got everything they wanted, and we can still do more to invest in this untry's future while bringing down our deficit in a balanced way, but the budget mpromise should leave us freer to focus on creating new jobs, not creating new crises. And in the ming months, let's see where else we can make progress together. Let's make this a year of action. That's what most Americans want: for all of us in this Chamber to focus on their lives, their hopes, their aspirations. And what I believe unites the people of this Nation—regardless of race or region or party, young or old, rich or poor—is the simple, profound belief in opportunity for all: the notion that if you work hard and take responsibility, you can get ahead in America. Now, let's face it, that belief has suffered some serious blows. Over more than three decades, even before the great recession hit, massive shifts in technology and global mpetition had eliminated a lot of good, middle class jobs and weakened the enomic foundations that families depend on. Today, after years of enomic growth, rporate profits and stock prices have rarely been higher, and those at the top have never done better. But average wages have barely budged. Inequality has deepened. Upward mobility has stalled. The ld, hard fact is that even in the midst of revery, too many Americans are working more than ever just to get by, let alone to get ahead. And too many still aren't working at all. So our job is to reverse these trends. It won't happen right away, and we won't agree on everything. But what I offer tonight is a set of ncrete, practical proposals to speed up growth, strengthen the middle class, and build new ladders of opportunity into the middle class. Some require ngressional action, and I am eager to work with all of you. But America does not stand still, and neither will I. So wherever and whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families, that's what I'm going to do. As usual, our First Lady sets a good example. Applause] Well—[applause]. Michelle's Let's Move" partnership with schools, businesses, local leaders has helped bring down childhood obesity rates for the first time in years. And that's an achievement that will improve lives and reduce health care sts for decades to me. The Joining Forces alliance that Michelle and Jill Biden launched has already enuraged employers to hire or train nearly , veterans and military spouses. Taking a page from that playbook, the White House just organized a College Opportunity Summit, where already, universities, businesses, nonprofits have made ncrete mmitments to reduce inequality in access to higher education and to help every hard-working kid go to llege and succeed when they get to campus. And across the untry, we're partnering with mayors, Governors, and State legislatures on issues from homelessness to marriage equality. The point is, there are millions of Americans outside of Washington who are tired of stale political arguments and are moving this untry forward. They believe—and I believe—that here in America, our success should depend not on accident of birth, but the strength of our work ethic and the spe of our dreams. That's what drew our forebears here. That's how the daughter of a factory worker is CEO of America's largest automaker; how the son of a barkeep is Speaker of the House; how the son of a single mom can be President of the greatest nation on Earth. Opportunity is who we are. And the defining project of our generation must be to restore that promise. We know where to start: The best measure of opportunity is access to a good job. With the enomy picking up speed, mpanies say they intend to hire more people this year. And over half of big manufacturers say they're thinking of insourcing jobs from abroad. So let's make that decision easier for more mpanies. Both Democrats and Republicans have argued that our Tax Code is riddled with wasteful, mplicated loopholes that punish businesses investing here and reward mpanies that keep profits abroad. Let's flip that equation. Let's work together to close those loopholes, end those incentives to ship jobs overseas, and lower tax rates for businesses that create jobs right here at home. Moreover, we can take the money we save from this transition to tax reform to create jobs rebuilding our roads, upgrading our ports, unclogging our mmutes, because in today's global enomy, first-class jobs gravitate to first-class infrastructure. We'll need Congress to protect more than million jobs by finishing transportation and waterways bills this summer. That can happen. But I'll act on my own to slash bureaucracy and streamline the permitting process for key projects so we can get more nstruction workers on the job as fast as possible. We also have the chance, right now, to beat other untries in the race for the next wave of high-tech manufacturing jobs. My administration has launched two hubs for high-tech manufacturing in Raleigh, North Carolina, and Youngstown, Ohio, where we've nnected businesses to research universities that can help America lead the world in advanced technologies. Tonight I'm announcing, we'll launch six more this year. Bipartisan bills in both Houses uld double the number of these hubs and the jobs they create. So get those bills to my desk. Put more Americans back to work. Let's do more to help the entrepreneurs and small-business owners who create most new jobs in America. Over the past years, my administration has made more loans to small-business owners than any other. And when percent of our exporters are small businesses, new trade partnerships with Europe and Asia—the Asia-Pacific will help them create more jobs. We need to work together on tools like bipartisan trade promotion authority to protect our workers, protect our environment, and open new markets to new goods stamped Made in the U.S.A." Listen, China and Europe aren't standing on the sidelines, and neither should we. We know that the nation that goes all-in on innovation today will own the global enomy tomorrow. This is an edge America cannot surrender. Federally funded research helped lead to the ideas and inventions behind Google and smartphones. And that's why Congress should undo the damage done by last year's cuts to basic research so we can unleash the next great American disvery. There are entire industries to be built based on vaccines that stay ahead of drug-resistant bacteria or paper-thin material that's stronger than steel. And let's pass a patent reform bill that allows our businesses to stay focused on innovation, not stly and needless litigation. Now, one of the biggest factors in bringing more jobs back is our mmitment to American energy. The all-of-the-above energy strategy I announced a few years ago is working, and today, America is closer to energy independence than we have been in decades. One of the reasons why is natural gas. If extracted safely, it's the bridge fuel that can power our enomy with less of the carbon pollution that causes climate change. Businesses plan to invest almost billion in new factories that use natural gas. I'll cut redtape to help States get those factories built and put folks to work, and this Congress can help by putting people to work building fueling stations that shift more cars and trucks from foreign oil to American natural gas. Meanwhile, my administration will keep working with the industry to sustain production and jobs growth while strengthening protection of our air, our water, our mmunities. And while we're at it, I'll use my authority to protect more of our pristine Federal lands for future generations. Well, it's not just oil and natural gas production that's booming, we're beming a global leader in solar too. Every minutes, another American home or business goes solar, every panel pounded into place by a worker whose job cannot be outsourced. Let's ntinue that progress with a smarter tax policy that stops giving billion a year to fossil fuel industries that don't need it so we can invest more in fuels of the future that do. And even as we've increased energy production, we've partnered with businesses, builders, and local mmunities to reduce the energy we nsume. When we rescued our automakers, for example, we worked with them to set higher fuel efficiency standards for our cars. In the ming months, I'll build on that success by setting new standards for our trucks so we can keep driving down oil imports and what we pay at the pump. And taken together, our energy policy is creating jobs and leading to a cleaner, safer planet. Over the past years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth. But we have to act with more urgency, because a changing climate is already harming Western mmunities struggling with drought and astal cities dealing with floods. That's why I directed my administration to work with States, utilities, and others to set new standards on the amount of carbon pollution our power plants are allowed to dump into the air. The shift to a cleaner energy enomy won't happen overnight, and it will require some tough choices along the way. But the debate is settled. Climate change is a fact. And when our children's children look us in the eye and ask if we did all we uld to leave them a safer, more stable world, with new sources of energy, I want us to be able to say, yes, we did. Finally, if we're serious about enomic growth, it is time to heed the call of business leaders, labor leaders, faith leaders, law enforcement and fix our broken immigration system. Republicans and Democrats in the Senate have acted, and I know that members of both parties in the House want to do the same. Independent enomists say immigration reform will grow our enomy and shrink our deficits by almost trillion in the next two decades. And for good reason: When people me here to fulfill their dreams—to study, invent, ntribute to our culture—they make our untry a more attractive place for businesses to locate and create jobs for everybody. So let's get immigration reform done this year. Applause] Let's get it done. It's time. The ideas I've outlined so far can speed up growth and create more jobs. But in this rapidly changing enomy, we have to make sure that every American has the skills to fill those jobs. The good news is, we know how to do it. Two years ago, as the auto industry came roaring back, Andra Rush opened up a manufacturing firm in Detroit. She knew that Ford needed parts for the best selling truck in America, and she knew how to make those parts. She just needed the workforce. So she dialed up what we call an American Job Center, places where folks can walk in to get the help or training they need to find a new job or a better job. She was flooded with new workers. And today, Detroit Manufacturing Systems has more than employees. And what Andra and her employees experienced is how it should be for every employer and every job seeker. So tonight I've asked Vice President Biden to lead an across-the-board reform of America's training programs to make sure they have one mission: train Americans with the skills employers need and match them to good jobs that need to be filled right now. That means more on-the-job training and more apprenticeships that set a young worker on an upward trajectory for life. It means nnecting mpanies to mmunity lleges that can help design training to fill their specific needs. And if Congress wants to help, you can ncentrate funding on proven programs that nnect more ready-to-work Americans with ready-to-be-filled jobs. I'm also nvinced we can help Americans return to the workforce faster by reforming unemployment insurance so that it's more effective in today's enomy. But first, this Congress needs to restore the unemployment insurance you just let expire for . million people. Let me tell you why. Misty DeMars is a mother of two young boys. She'd been steadily employed since she was a teenager, put herself through llege. She'd never llected unemployment benefits, but she'd been paying taxes. In May, she and her husband used their life savings to buy their first home. A week later, budget cuts claimed the job she loved. Last month, when their unemployment insurance was cut off, she sat down and wrote me a letter, the kind I get every day. We are the face of the unemployment crisis," she wrote. I'm not dependent on the government. Our untry depends on people like us who build careers, ntribute to society, care about our neighbors. I'm nfident that in time, I will find a job, I will pay my taxes, and we will raise our children in their own home in the mmunity we love. Please give us this chance." Congress, give these hard-working, responsible Americans that chance. Give them that chance. Applause] Give them the chance. They need our help right now. But more important, this untry needs them in the game. That's why I've been asking CEOs to give more long-term unemployed workers a fair shot at new jobs, a new chance to support their families. And in fact, this week, many will me to the White House to make that mmitment real. Tonight I ask every business leader in America to join us and to do the same, because we are stronger when America fields a full team. Of urse, it's not enough to train today's workforce. We also have to prepare tomorrow's workforce, by guaranteeing every child access to a world-class education. Estiven Rodriguez uldn't speak a word of English when he moved to New York City at age . But last month, thanks to the support of great teachers and an innovative tutoring program, he led a march of his classmates through a crowd of cheering parents and neighbors from their high school to the post office, where they mailed off their llege applications. And this son of a factory worker just found out, he's going to llege this fall. Five years ago, we set out to change the odds for all our kids. We worked with lenders to reform student loans, and today, more young people are earning llege degrees than ever before. Race to the Top, with the help of Governors from both parties, has helped States raise expectations and performance. Teachers and principals in schools from Tennessee to Washington, DC, are making big strides in preparing students with the skills for the new enomy: problem solving, critical thinking, science, technology, engineering, math. Now, some of this change is hard. It requires everything from more challenging curriculums and more demanding parents to better support for teachers and new ways to measure how well our kids think, not how well they can fill in a bubble on a test. But it is worth it, and it is working. The problem is, we're still not reaching enough kids, and we're not reaching them in time. And that has to change. Research shows that one of the best investments we can make in a child's life is high-quality early education. Last year, I asked this Congress to help States make high-quality pre-K available to every -year-old. And as a parent as well as a President, I repeat that request tonight. But in the meantime, States have raised pre-K funding on their own. They know we can't wait. So just as we worked with States to reform our schools, this year, we'll invest in new partnerships with States and mmunities across the untry in a Race to the Top for our youngest children. And as Congress decides what it's going to do, I'm going to pull together a alition of elected officials, business leaders, and philanthropists willing to help more kids access the high-quality pre-K that they need. It is right for America. We need to get this done. Last year, I also pledged to nnect percent of our students to high-speed broadband over the next years. Tonight I can announce that with the support of the FCC and mpanies like Apple, Microsoft, Sprint, and Verizon, we've got a down payment to start nnecting more than , schools and million students over the next years, without adding a dime to the deficit. We're working to redesign high schools and partner them with lleges and employers that offer the real-world education and hands-on training that can lead directly to a job and career. We're shaking up our system of higher education to give parents more information and lleges more incentive to offer better value so that no middle class kid is priced out of a llege education. We're offering millions the opportunity to cap their monthly student loan payments to percent of their inme, and I want to work with Congress to see how we can help even more Americans who feel trapped by student loan debt. And I'm reaching out to some of America's leading foundations and rporations on a new initiative to help more young men of lor facing especially tough odds to stay on track and reach their full potential. The bottom line is, Michelle and I want every child to have the same chance this untry gave us. But we know our opportunity agenda won't be mplete, and too many young people entering the workforce today will see the American Dream as an empty promise, unless we also do more to make sure our enomy honors the dignity of work and hard work pays off for every single American. Today, women make up about half our workforce, but they still make cents for every dollar a man earns. That is wrong, and in , it's an embarrassment. Women deserve equal pay for equal work. She deserves to have a baby without sacrificing her job. A mother deserves a day off to care for a sick child or a sick parent without running into hardship. And you know what, a father does too. It is time to do away with workplace policies that belong in a Mad Men" episode. Laughter] This year, let's all me together—Congress, the White House, businesses from Wall Street to Main Street—to give every woman the opportunity she deserves. Because I believe when women succeed, America succeeds. Now, women hold a majority of lower wage jobs, but they're not the only ones stifled by stagnant wages. Americans understand that some people will earn more money than others, and we don't resent those who, by virtue of their efforts, achieve incredible success. That's what America is all about. But Americans overwhelmingly agree that no one who works full-time should ever have to raise a family in poverty. In the year since I asked this Congress to raise the minimum wage, five States have passed laws to raise theirs. Many businesses have done it on their own. Nick Chute is here today with his boss, John Soranno. John's an owner of Punch Pizza in Minneapolis, and Nick helps make the dough. Laughter] Only now he makes more of it. Laughter] John just gave his employees a raise to bucks an hour, and that's a decision that has eased their financial stress and boosted their morale. Tonight I ask more of America's business leaders to follow John's lead: Do what you can to raise your employees' wages. It's good for the enomy. It's good for America. To every mayor, Governor, State legislator in America, I say: You don't have to wait for Congress to act; Americans will support you if you take this on. And as a chief executive, I intend to lead by example. Profitable rporations like Cost see higher wages as the smart way to boost productivity and reduce turnover. We should too. In the ming weeks, I will issue an Executive order requiring Federal ntractors to pay their federally funded employees a fair wage of at least dollars and cents an hour. Because if you ok our troops' meals or wash their dishes, you should not have to live in poverty. Of urse, to reach millions more, Congress does need to get on board. Today, the Federal minimum wage is worth about percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan first stood here. And Tom Harkin and George Miller have a bill to fix that by lifting the minimum wage to dollars and cents. It's easy to remember: -. This will help families. It will give businesses customers with more money to spend. It does not involve any new bureaucratic program. So join the rest of the untry. Say yes. Give America a raise. Give them a raise. There are other steps we can take to help families make ends meet, and few are more effective at reducing inequality and helping families pull themselves up through hard work than the earned-inme tax credit. Right now it helps about half of all parents at some point. Think about that: It helps about half of all parents in America at some point in their lives. But I agree with Republicans like Senator Rubio that it doesn't do enough for single workers who don't have kids. So let's work together to strengthen the credit, reward work, help more Americans get ahead. Let's do more to help Americans save for retirement. Today, most workers don't have a pension. A Social Security check often isn't enough on its own. And while the stock market has doubled over the last years, that doesn't help folks who don't have (k)s. That's why, tomorrow, I will direct the Treasury to create a new way for working Americans to start their own retirement savings: MyI—MyRA. It's a new savings bond that enurages folks to build a nest egg. MyRA guarantees a decent return with no risk of losing what you put in. And if this Congress wants to help, work with me to fix an upside-down Tax Code that gives big tax breaks to help the wealthy save, but does little or nothing for middle class Americans. Offer every American access to an automatic IRA on the job so they can save at work just like everybody in this Chamber can. And since the most important investment many families make is their home, send me legislation that protects taxpayers from footing the bill for a housing crisis ever again and keeps the dream of homeownership alive for future generations. One last point on financial security: For decades, few things exposed hard-working families to enomic hardship more than a broken health care system. And in case you haven't heard, we're in the process of fixing that. Now, a preexisting ndition used to mean that someone like Amanda Shelley, a physician's assistant and single mom from Arizona, uldn't get health insurance. But on January , she got vered. On January , she felt a sharp pain. On January , she had emergency surgery. Just one week earlier, Amanda said, and that surgery would have meant bankruptcy. That's what health insurance reform is all about: the peace of mind that if misfortune strikes, you don't have to lose everything. Already, because of the Affordable Care Act, more than million Americans under age have gained verage under their parent's plan. More than million Americans have signed up for private health insurance or Medicaid verage. Nine million. And here's another number: zero. Because of this law, no American—none, zero—can ever again be dropped or denied verage for a preexisting ndition like asthma or back pain or cancer. No woman can ever be charged more just because she's a woman. And we did all this while adding years to Medicare's finances, keeping Medicare premiums flat, and lowering prescription sts for millions of seniors. Now, I do not expect to nvince my Republican friends on the merits of this law. Laughter] But I know that the American people are not interested in refighting old battles. So again, if you have specific plans to cut sts, ver more people, increase choice, tell America what you'd do differently. Let's see if the numbers add up. But let's not have another -something votes to repeal a law that's already helping millions of Americans like Amanda. The first were plenty. Laughter] We all owe it to the American people to say what we're for, not just what we're against. And if you want to know the real impact this law is having, just talk to Governor Steve Beshear of Kentucky, who's here tonight. Now, Kentucky is not the most liberal part of the untry. That's not where I got my highest vote totals. Laughter] But he's like a man possessed when it mes to vering his Commonwealth's families. They're our neighbors and our friends, he said: They're people we shop and go to church with, farmers out on the tractor, grocery clerks. They're people who go to work every morning praying they don't get sick. No one deserves to live that way." Steve's right. That's why tonight I ask every American who knows someone without health insurance to help them get vered by March . Applause] Help them get vered. Moms, get on your kids to sign up. Kids, call your mom and walk her through the application. It will give her some peace of mind, and plus, she'll appreciate hearing from you. Laughter] After all, that's the spirit that has always moved this Nation forward. It's the spirit of citizenship, the regnition that through hard work and responsibility, we can pursue our individual dreams, but still me together as one American family to make sure the next generation can pursue its dreams as well. Citizenship means standing up for everyone's right to vote. Last year, part of the Voting Rights Act was weakened, but nservative Republicans and liberal Democrats are working together to strengthen it. And the bipartisan Commission I appointed, chaired by my campaign lawyer and Governor Romney's campaign lawyer, came together and have offered reforms so that no one has to wait more than a half hour to vote. Let's support these efforts. It should be the power of our vote, not the size of our bank acunts, that drives our democracy. Citizenship means standing up for the lives that gun violence steals from us each day. I've seen the urage of parents, students, pastors, police officers all over this untry who say, We are not afraid." And I intend to keep trying, with or without Congress, to help stop more tragedies from visiting innocent Americans in our movie theaters, in our shopping malls, or schools like Sandy Hook. Citizenship demands a sense of mmon purpose, participation in the hard work of self-government, an obligation to serve our mmunities. And I know this Chamber agrees that few Americans give more to their untry than our diplomats and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces. Thank you. Tonight, because of the extraordinary troops and civilians who risk and lay down their lives to keep us free, the United States is more secure. When I took office, nearly , Americans were serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. Today, all our troops are out of Iraq. More than , of our troops have already me home from Afghanistan. With Afghan forces now in the lead for their own security, our troops have moved to a support role. Together with our allies, we will mplete our mission there by the end of this year, and America's longest war will finally be over. After , we will support a unified Afghanistan as it takes responsibility for its own future. If the Afghan Government signs a security agreement that we have negotiated, a small force of Americans uld remain in Afghanistan with NATO allies to carry out two narrow missions: training and assisting Afghan forces and unterterrorism operations to pursue any remnants of Al Qaida. For while our relationship with Afghanistan will change, one thing will not: our resolve that terrorists do not launch attacks against our untry. The fact is, that danger remains. While we've put Al Qaida's re leadership on a path to defeat, the threat has evolved as Al Qaida affiliates and other extremists take root in different parts of the world. In Yemen, Somalia, Iraq, Mali, we have to keep working with partners to disrupt and disable those networks. In Syria, we'll support the opposition that rejects the agenda of terrorist networks. Here at home, we'll keep strengthening our defenses and mbat new threats like cyber attacks. And as we reform our defense budget, we will have to keep faith with our men and women in uniform and invest in the capabilities they need to succeed in future missions. We have to remain vigilant. But I strongly believe our leadership and our security cannot depend on our outstanding military alone. As Commander in Chief, I have used force when needed to protect the American people, and I will never hesitate to do so as long as I hold this office. But I will not send our troops into harm's way unless it is truly necessary, nor will I allow our sons and daughters to be mired in open-ended nflicts. We must fight the battles that need to be fought, not those that terrorists prefer from us: large-scale deployments that drain our strength and may ultimately feed extremism. So even as we actively and aggressively pursue terrorist networks through more targeted efforts and by building the capacity of our foreign partners, America must move off a permanent war footing. That's why I've imposed prudent limits on the use of drones. For we will not be safer if people abroad believe we strike within their untries without regard for the nsequence. That's why, working with this Congress, I will reform our surveillance programs, because the vital work of our intelligence mmunity depends on public nfidence, here and abroad, that privacy of ordinary people is not being violated. And with the Afghan war ending, this needs to be the year Congress lifts the remaining restrictions on detainee transfers and we close the prison at Guantanamo Bay. Because we unter terrorism not just through intelligence and military actions, but by remaining true to our nstitutional ideals and setting an example for the rest of the world. You see, in a world of mplex threats, our security, our leadership, depends on all elements of our power, including strong and principled diplomacy. American diplomacy has rallied more than untries to prevent nuclear materials from falling into the wrong hands and allowed us to reduce our own reliance on ld war stockpiles. American diplomacy, backed by the threat of force, is why Syria's chemical weapons are being eliminated. And we will ntinue to work with the international mmunity to usher in the future the Syrian people deserve, a future free of dictatorship, terror, and fear. As we speak, American diplomacy is supporting Israelis and Palestinians as they engage in the difficult but necessary talks to end the nflict there, to achieve dignity and an independent state for Palestinians and lasting peace and security for the State of Israel, a Jewish state that knows America will always be at their side. And it is American diplomacy, backed by pressure, that has halted the progress of Iran's nuclear program and rolled back parts of that program for the very first time in a decade. As we gather here tonight, Iran has begun to eliminate its stockpile of higher levels of enriched uranium. It's not installing advanced centrifuges. Unprecedented inspections help the world verify every day that Iran is not building a bomb. And with our allies and partners, we're engaged in negotiations to see if we can peacefully achieve a goal we all share: preventing Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. These negotiations will be difficult. They may not succeed. We are clear eyed about Iran's support for terrorist organizations like Hizballah, which threatens our allies. And we're clear about the mistrust between our nations, mistrust that cannot be wished away. But these negotiations don't rely on trust. Any long-term deal we agree to must be based on verifiable action that nvinces us and the international mmunity that Iran is not building a nuclear bomb. If John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan uld negotiate with the Soviet Union, then surely a strong and nfident America can negotiate with less powerful adversaries today. The sanctions that we put in place helped make this opportunity possible. But let me be clear: If this Congress sends me a new sanctions bill now that threatens to derail these talks, I will veto it. For the sake of our national security, we must give diplomacy a chance to succeed. If Iran's leaders do not seize this opportunity, then I will be the first to call for more sanctions and stand ready to exercise all options to make sure Iran does not build a nuclear weapon. But if Iran's leaders do seize the chance—and we'll know soon enough—then Iran uld take an important step to rejoin the mmunity of nations, and we will have resolved one of the leading security challenges of our time without the risks of war. Now, finally, let's remember that our leadership is defined not just by our defense against threats, but by the enormous opportunities to do good and promote understanding around the globe: to forge greater operation, to expand new markets, to free people from fear and want. And no one is better positioned to take advantage of those opportunities than America. Our alliance with Europe remains the strongest the world has ever known. From Tunisia to Burma, we're supporting those who are willing to do the hard work of building democracy. In Ukraine, we stand for the principle that all people have the right to express themselves freely and peacefully and to have a say in their untry's future. Across Africa, we're bringing together businesses and governments to double access to electricity and help end extreme poverty. In the Americas, we're building new ties of mmerce, but we're also expanding cultural and educational exchanges among young people. And we will ntinue to focus on the Asia-Pacific, where we support our allies, shape a future of greater security and prosperity, and extend a hand to those devastated by disaster, as we did in the Philippines, when our Marines and civilians rushed to aid those battered by a typhoon, and who were greeted with words like, We will never forget your kindness" and God bless America." We do these things because they help promote our long-term security, and we do them because we believe in the inherent dignity and equality of every human being, regardless of race or religion, creed or sexual orientation. And next week, the world will see one expression of that mmitment, when Team U.S.A. marches the red, white, and blue into the Olympic Stadium and brings home the gold. Laughter] Audience members. U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A. The President. My fellow Americans, no other untry in the world does what we do. On every issue, the world turns to us, not simply because of the size of our enomy or our military might, but because of the ideals we stand for and the burdens we bear to advance them. No one knows this better than those who serve in uniform. As this time of war draws to a close, a new generation of heroes returns to civilian life. We'll keep slashing that backlog so our veterans receive the benefits they've earned and our wounded warriors receive the health care—including the mental health care—that they need. We'll keep working to help all our veterans translate their skills and leadership into jobs here at home. And we will all ntinue to join forces to honor and support our remarkable military families. Let me tell you about one of those families I've me to know. I first met Cory Remsburg, a proud Army Ranger, at Omaha Beach on the th anniversary of D-day. Along with some of his fellow Rangers, he walked me through the program and the ceremony. He was a strong, impressive young man, had an easy manner, he was sharp as a tack. And we joked around and took pictures, and I told him to stay in touch. A few months later, on his th deployment, Cory was nearly killed by a massive roadside bomb in Afghanistan. His mrades found him in a canal, face down, underwater, shrapnel in his brain. For months, he lay in a ma. And the next time I met him, in the hospital, he uldn't speak, uld barely move. Over the years, he's endured dozens of surgeries and procedures, hours of grueling rehab every day. Even now, Cory is still blind in one eye, still struggles on his left side. But slowly, steadily, with the support of caregivers like his dad Craig and the mmunity around him, Cory has grown stronger. And day by day, he's learned to speak again and stand again and walk again. And he's working toward the day when he can serve his untry again. My revery has not been easy," he says. Nothing in life that's worth anything is easy." Cory is here tonight. And like the Army he loves, like the America he serves, Sergeant First Class Cory Remsburg never gives up, and he does not quit. Cory. My fellow Americans, men and women like Cory remind us that America has never me easy. Our freedom, our democracy, has never been easy. Sometimes, we stumble, we make mistakes; we get frustrated or disuraged. But for more than years, we have put those things aside and placed our llective shoulder to the wheel of progress: to create and build and expand the possibilities of individual achievement, to free other nations from tyranny and fear, to promote justice and fairness and equality under the law so that the words set to paper by our Founders are made real for every citizen. The America we want for our kids—a rising America where honest work is plentiful and mmunities are strong, where prosperity is widely shared and opportunity for all lets us go as far as our dreams and toil will take us—none of it is easy. But if we work together—if we summon what is best in us, the way Cory summoned what is best in him—with our feet planted firmly in today, but our eyes cast toward tomorrow, I know it is within our reach. Believe it. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Tonight, thanks to the grit and determination of the American people, there is much progress to report. After a decade of grinding war, our brave men and women in uniform are ming home. After years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over million new jobs. We buy more American cars than we have in years and less foreign oil than we have in . Our housing market is healing, our stock market is rebounding, and nsumers, patients, and homeowners enjoy stronger protections than ever before. So together, we have cleared away the rubble of crisis, and we can say with renewed nfidence that the state of our Union is stronger. But we gather here knowing that there are millions of Americans whose hard work and dedication have not yet been rewarded. Our enomy is adding jobs, but too many people still can't find full-time employment. Corporate profits have skyrocketed to alltime highs, but for more than a decade, wages and inmes have barely budged. It is our generation's task, then, to reignite the true engine of America's enomic growth: a rising, thriving middle class. It is our unfinished task to restore the basic bargain that built this untry: the idea that if you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you me from, no matter what you look like or who you love. It is our unfinished task to make sure that this Government works on behalf of the many, and not just the few; that it enurages free enterprise, rewards individual initiative, and opens the doors of opportunity to every child across this great Nation. The American people don't expect government to solve every problem. They don't expect those of us in this Chamber to agree on every issue. But they do expect us to put the Nation's interests before party. They do expect us to forge reasonable mpromise where we can. For they know that America moves forward only when we do so together and that the responsibility of improving this Union remains the task of us all. Now, our work must begin by making some basic decisions about our budget, decisions that will have a huge impact on the strength of our revery. Over the last few years, both parties have worked together to reduce the deficit by more than . trillion, mostly through spending cuts, but also by raising tax rates on the wealthiest percent of Americans. As a result, we are more than halfway towards the goal of trillion in deficit reduction that enomists say we need to stabilize our finances. Now we need to finish the job. And the question is, how? In , Congress passed a law saying that if both parties uldn't agree on a plan to reach our deficit goal, about a trillion dollars' worth of budget cuts would automatically go into effect this year. These sudden, harsh, arbitrary cuts would jeopardize our military readiness. They'd devastate priorities like education and energy and medical research. They would certainly slow our revery and st us hundreds of thousands of jobs. And that's why Democrats, Republicans, business leaders, and enomists have already said that these cuts—known here in Washington as the sequester—are a really bad idea. Now, some in Congress have proposed preventing only the defense cuts by making even bigger cuts to things like education and job training, Medicare, and Social Security benefits. That idea is even worse. Yes, the biggest driver of our long-term debt is the rising st of health care for an aging population. And those of us who care deeply about programs like Medicare must embrace the need for modest reforms; otherwise, our retirement programs will crowd out the investments we need for our children and jeopardize the promise of a secure retirement for future generations. But we can't ask senior citizens and working families to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful. We won't grow the middle class simply by shifting the st of health care or llege onto families that are already struggling or by forcing mmunities to lay off more teachers and more ps and more firefighters. Most Americans—Democrats, Republicans, and Independents—understand that we can't just cut our way to prosperity. They know that broad-based enomic growth requires a balanced approach to deficit reduction, with spending cuts and revenue and with everybody doing their fair share. And that's the approach I offer tonight. On Medicare, I'm prepared to enact reforms that will achieve the same amount of health care savings by the beginning of the next decade as the reforms proposed by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles Commission. Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of health care sts. And the reforms I'm proposing go even further. We'll reduce taxpayer subsidies to prescription drug mpanies and ask more from the wealthiest seniors. We'll bring down sts by changing the way our Government pays for Medicare, because our medical bills shouldn't be based on the number of tests ordered or days spent in the hospital; they should be based on the quality of care that our seniors receive. And I am open to additional reforms from both parties, so long as they don't violate the guarantee of a secure retirement. Our Government shouldn't make promises we cannot keep, but we must keep the promises we've already made. To hit the rest of our deficit reduction target, we should do what leaders in both parties have already suggested and save hundreds of billions of dollars by getting rid of tax loopholes and deductions for the well-off and the well-nnected. After all, why would we choose to make deeper cuts to education and Medicare just to protect special interest tax breaks? How is that fair? Why is it that deficit reduction is a big emergency justifying making cuts in Social Security benefits, but not closing some loopholes? How does that promote growth? Now is our best chance for bipartisan, mprehensive tax reform that enurages job creation and helps bring down the deficit. We can get this done. The American people deserve a Tax Code that helps small businesses spend less time filling out mplicated forms and more time expanding and hiring; a Tax Code that ensures billionaires with high-powered acuntants can't work the system and pay a lower rate than their hard-working secretaries; a Tax Code that lowers incentives to move jobs overseas and lowers tax rates for businesses and manufacturers that are creating jobs right here in the United States of America. That's what tax reform can deliver. That's what we can do together. I realize that tax reform and entitlement reform will not be easy. The politics will be hard for both sides. None of us will get a hundred percent of what we want. But the alternative will st us jobs, hurt our enomy, visit hardship on millions of hard-working Americans. So let's set party interests aside and work to pass a budget that replaces reckless cuts with smart savings and wise investments in our future. And let's do it without the brinksmanship that stresses nsumers and scares off investors. The greatest nation on Earth cannot keep nducting its business by drifting from one manufactured crisis to the next. We can't do it. Let's agree right here, right now to keep the people's Government open and pay our bills on time and always uphold the full faith and credit of the United States of America. The American people have worked too hard, for too long, rebuilding from one crisis to see their elected officials cause another. Now, most of us agree that a plan to reduce the deficit must be part of our agenda. But let's be clear: Deficit reduction alone is not an enomic plan. A growing enomy that creates good, middle class jobs, that must be the north star that guides our efforts. Every day, we should ask ourselves three questions as a nation: How do we attract more jobs to our shores? How do we equip our people with the skills they need to get those jobs? And how do we make sure that hard work leads to a decent living? Now, a year and a half ago, I put forward an American Jobs Act that independent enomists said would create more than million new jobs. And I thank the last Congress for passing some of that agenda. I urge this Congress to pass the rest. But tonight I'll lay out additional proposals that are fully paid for and fully nsistent with the budget framework both parties agreed to just months ago. Let me repeat: Nothing I'm proposing tonight should increase our deficit by a single dime. It is not a bigger Government we need, but a smarter Government that sets priorities and invests in broad-based growth. That's what we should be looking for. Our first priority is making America a magnet for new jobs and manufacturing. After shedding jobs for more than years, our manufacturers have added about , jobs over the past . Caterpillar is bringing jobs back from Japan. Ford is bringing jobs back from Mexi. And this year, Apple will start making Macs in America again. There are things we can do right now to accelerate this trend. Last year, we created our first manufacturing innovation institute in Youngstown, Ohio. A once-shuttered warehouse is now a state-of-the-art lab where new workers are mastering the -D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost everything. There's no reason this can't happen in other towns. So tonight I'm announcing the launch of three more of these manufacturing hubs, where businesses will partner with the Department of Defense and Energy to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs. And I ask this Congress to help create a network of of these hubs and guarantee that the next revolution in manufacturing is made right here in America. We can get that done. Now, if we want to make the best products, we also have to invest in the best ideas. Every dollar we invested to map the human genome returned to our enomy—every dollar. Today, our scientists are mapping the human brain to unlock the answers to Alzheimer's. They're developing drugs to regenerate damaged organs, devising new materials to make batteries times more powerful. Now is not the time to gut these job-creating investments in science and innovation, now is the time to reach a level of research and development not seen since the height of the space race. We need to make those investments. Today, no area holds more promise than our investments in American energy. After years of talking about it, we're finally poised to ntrol our own energy future. We produce more oil at home than we have in years. We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas and the amount of renewable energy we generate from sources like wind and solar, with tens of thousands of good American jobs to show for it. We produce more natural gas than ever before, and nearly everyone's energy bill is lower because of it. And over the last years, our emissions of the dangerous carbon pollution that threatens our planet have actually fallen. But for the sake of our children and our future, we must do more to mbat climate change. Now, it's true that no single event makes a trend. But the fact is, the hottest years on rerd have all me in the last . Heat waves, droughts, wildfires, floods—all are now more frequent and more intense. We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy and the most severe drought in decades and the worst wildfires some States have ever seen were all just a freak incidence. Or we can choose to believe in the overwhelming judgment of science and act before it's too late. Now, the good news is we can make meaningful progress on this issue while driving strong enomic growth. I urge this Congress to get together, pursue a bipartisan, market-based solution to climate change, like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago. But if Congress won't act soon to protect future generations, I will. I will direct my Cabinet to me up with executive actions we can take, now and in the future, to reduce pollution, prepare our mmunities for the nsequences of climate change, and speed the transition to more sustainable sources of energy. And years ago, other untries dominated the clean energy market and the jobs that came with it. And we've begun to change that. Last year, wind energy added nearly half of all new power capacity in America. So let's generate even more. Solar energy gets cheaper by the year; let's drive down sts even further. As long as untries like China keep going all in on clean energy, so must we. Now, in the meantime, the natural gas boom has led to cleaner power and greater energy independence. We need to enurage that. And that's why my administration will keep cutting redtape and speeding up new oil and gas permits. That's got to be part of an all-of-the-above plan. But I also want to work with this Congress to enurage the research and technology that helps natural gas burn even cleaner and protects our air and our water. In fact, much of our new-found energy is drawn from lands and waters that we, the public, own together. So tonight I propose we use some of our oil and gas revenues to fund an energy security trust that will drive new research and technology to shift our cars and trucks off oil for good. If a nonpartisan alition of CEOs and retired generals and admirals can get behind this idea, then so can we. Let's take their advice and free our families and businesses from the painful spikes in gas prices we've put up with for far too long. I'm also issuing a new goal for America: Let's cut in half the energy wasted by our homes and businesses over the next years. We'll work with the States to do it. Those States with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills by nstructing more efficient buildings will receive Federal support to help make that happen. America's energy sector is just one part of an aging infrastructure badly in need of repair. Ask any CEO where they'd rather locate and hire, a untry with deteriorating roads and bridges or one with high-speed rail and Internet, high-tech schools, self-healing power grids. The CEO of Siemens America—a mpany that brought hundreds of new jobs to North Carolina—said that if we upgrade our infrastructure, they'll bring even more jobs. And that's the attitude of a lot of mpanies all around the world. And I know you want these job-creating projects in your district. I've seen all those ribbon-cuttings. Laughter] So tonight I propose a Fix-It-First program to put people to work as soon as possible on our most urgent repairs, like the nearly , structurally deficient bridges across the untry. And to make sure taxpayers don't shoulder the whole burden, I'm also proposing a partnership to rebuild America that attracts private capital to upgrade what our businesses need most: modern ports to move our goods, modern pipelines to withstand a storm, modern schools worthy of our children. Let's prove there's no better place to do business than here in the United States of America, and let's start right away. We can get this done. And part of our rebuilding effort must also involve our housing sector. The good news is, our housing market is finally healing from the llapse of . Home prices are rising at the fastest pace in years. Home purchases are up nearly percent, and nstruction is expanding again. But even with mortgage rates near a -year low, too many families with solid credit who want to buy a home are being rejected. Too many families who never missed a payment and want to refinance are being told no. That's holding our entire enomy back. We need to fix it. Right now there's a bill in this Congress that would give every responsible homeowner in America the chance to save , a year by refinancing at today's rates. Democrats and Republicans have supported it before, so what are we waiting for? Take a vote and send me that bill. Why are—why would we be against that? Why would that be a partisan issue, helping folks refinance? Right now overlapping regulations keep responsible young families from buying their first home. What's holding us back? Let's streamline the process and help our enomy grow. These initiatives in manufacturing, energy, infrastructure, housing, all these things will help entrepreneurs and small-business owners expand and create new jobs. But none of it will matter unless we also equip our citizens with the skills and training to fill those jobs. And that has to start at the earliest possible age. Study after study shows that the sooner a child begins learning, the better he or she does down the road. But today, fewer than in -year-olds are enrolled in a high-quality preschool program. Most middle class parents can't afford a few hundred bucks a week for a private preschool. And for poor kids who need help the most, this lack of access to preschool education can shadow them for the rest of their lives. So tonight I propose working with States to make high-quality preschool available to every single child in America. That's something we should be able to do. Every dollar we invest in high-quality early childhood education can save more than dollars later on: by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing violent crime. In States that make it a priority to educate our youngest children, like Georgia or Oklahoma, studies show students grow up more likely to read and do math at grade level, graduate high school, hold a job, form more stable families of their own. We know this works. So let's do what works and make sure none of our children start the race of life already behind. Let's give our kids that chance. Let's also make sure that a high school diploma puts our kids on a path to a good job. Right now untries like Germany focus on graduating their high school students with the equivalent of a technical degree from one of our mmunity lleges. So those German kids, they're ready for a job when they graduate high school. They've been trained for the jobs that are there. Now at schools like P-TECH in Brooklyn, a llaboration between New York Public Schools and City University of New York and IBM, students will graduate with a high school diploma and an associate's degree in mputers or engineering. We need to give every American student opportunities like this. And years ago, we started Race to the Top, a mpetition that nvinced almost every State to develop smarter curricula and higher standards, all for about percent of what we spend on education each year. Tonight I'm announcing a new challenge to redesign America's high schools so they better equip graduates for the demands of a high-tech enomy. And we'll reward schools that develop new partnerships with lleges and employers and create classes that focus on science, technology, engineering, and math: the skills today's employers are looking for to fill the jobs that are there right now and will be there in the future. Now, even with better high schools, most young people will need some higher education. It's a simple fact: The more education you've got, the more likely you are to have a good job and work your way into the middle class. But today, skyrocketing sts price too many young people out of a higher education or saddle them with unsustainable debt. Through tax credits, grants, and better loans, we've made llege more affordable for millions of students and families over the last few years. But taxpayers can't keep on subsidizing higher and higher and higher sts for higher education. Colleges must do their part to keep sts down, and it's our job to make sure that they do. So tonight I ask Congress to change the Higher Education Act so that affordability and value are included in determining which lleges receive certain types of Federal aid. And tomorrow my administration will release a new llege srecard that parents and students can use to mpare schools based on a simple criterion: where you can get the most bang for your educational buck. Now, to grow our middle class, our citizens have to have access to the education and training that today's jobs require. But we also have to make sure that America remains a place where everyone who's willing to work—everybody who's willing to work hard—has the chance to get ahead. Our enomy is stronger when we harness the talents and ingenuity of striving, hopeful immigrants. And right now leaders from the business, labor, law enforcement, faith mmunities, they all agree that the time has me to pass mprehensive immigration reform. Now is the time to do it. Now is the time to get it done. Applause] Now is the time to get it done. Real reform means stronger border security, and we can build on the progress my administration has already made: putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in years. Real reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship, a path that includes passing a background check, paying taxes and a meaningful penalty, learning English, and going to the back of the line behind the folks trying to me here legally. And real reform means fixing the legal immigration system to cut waiting periods and attract the highly skilled entrepreneurs and engineers that will help create jobs and grow our enomy. In other words, we know what needs to be done. And as we speak, bipartisan groups in both Chambers are working diligently to draft a bill, and I applaud their efforts. So let's get this done. Send me a mprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months, and I will sign it right away. And America will be better for it. Let's get it done. Applause] Let's get it done. But we can't stop there. We know our enomy is stronger when our wives, our mothers, our daughters can live their lives free from discrimination in the workplace and free from the fear of domestic violence. Today the Senate passed the Violence Against Women's Act" that Joe Biden originally wrote almost years ago. And I now urge the House to do the same. Good job, Joe. And I ask this Congress to declare that women should earn a living equal to their efforts, and finally pass the Paycheck Fairness Act" this year. We know our enomy is stronger when we reward an honest day's work with honest wages. But today, a full-time worker making the minimum wage earns , a year. Even with the tax relief we put in place, a family with two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line. That's wrong. That's why, since the last time this Congress raised the minimum wage, States have chosen to bump theirs even higher. Tonight let's declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty and raise the Federal minimum wage to an hour. We should be able to get that done. This single step would raise the inmes of millions of working families. It uld mean the difference between groceries or the food bank, rent or eviction, scraping by or finally getting ahead. For businesses across the untry, it would mean customers with more money in their pockets. And a whole lot of folks out there would probably need less help from government. In fact, working folks shouldn't have to wait year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never been higher. So here's an idea that Governor Romney and I actually agreed on last year: Let's tie the minimum wage to the st of living so that it finally bemes a wage you can live on. Tonight let's also regnize that there are mmunities in this untry where no matter how hard you work, it is virtually impossible to get ahead: factory towns decimated from years of plants packing up; inescapable pockets of poverty, urban and rural, where young adults are still fighting for their first job. America is not a place where the chance of birth or circumstance should decide our destiny. And that's why we need to build new ladders of opportunity into the middle class for all who are willing to climb them. Let's offer incentives to mpanies that hire Americans who've got what it takes to fill that job opening, but have been out of work so long that no one will give them a chance anymore. Let's put people back to work rebuilding vacant homes in rundown neighborhoods. And this year, my administration will begin to partner with of the hardest hit towns in America to get these mmunities back on their feet. Now, we'll work with local leaders to target resources at public safety and education and housing. We'll give new tax credits to businesses that hire and invest. And we'll work to strengthen families by removing the financial deterrents to marriage for low-inme uples and do more to enurage fatherhood, because what makes you a man isn't the ability to nceive a child, it's having the urage to raise one. And we want to enurage that. We want to help that. Stronger families. Stronger mmunities. A stronger America. It is this kind of prosperity—broad, shared, built on a thriving middle class—that has always been the source of our progress at home. It's also the foundation of our power and influence throughout the world. Tonight we stand united in saluting the troops and civilians who sacrifice every day to protect us. Because of them, we can say with nfidence that America will mplete its mission in Afghanistan and achieve our objective of defeating the re of Al Qaida. Already, we have brought home , of our brave service men and women. This spring, our forces will move into a support role, while Afghan security forces take the lead. Tonight I can announce that over the next year, another , American troops will me home from Afghanistan. This drawdown will ntinue, and by the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over. Beyond , America's mmitment to a unified and sovereign Afghanistan will endure, but the nature of our mmitment will change. We're negotiating an agreement with the Afghan Government that focuses on two missions: training and equipping Afghan forces so that the untry does not again slip into chaos and unterterrorism efforts that allow us to pursue the remnants of Al Qaida and their affiliates. Today, the organization that attacked us on / is a shadow of its former self. It's true, different Al Qaida affiliates and extremist groups have emerged, from the Arabian Peninsula to Africa. The threat these groups pose is evolving. But to meet this threat, we don't need to send tens of thousands of our sons and daughters abroad or occupy other nations. Instead, we'll need to help untries like Yemen and Libya and Somalia provide for their own security and help allies who take the fight to terrorists, as we have in Mali. And where necessary, through a range of capabilities, we will ntinue to take direct action against those terrorists who pose the gravest threat to Americans. Now, as we do, we must enlist our values in the fight. That's why my administration has worked tirelessly to forge a durable legal and policy framework to guide our unterterrorism efforts. Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts. I regnize that in our democracy, no one should just take my word for it that we're doing things the right way. So, in the months ahead, I will ntinue to engage Congress to ensure not only that our targeting, detention, and prosecution of terrorists remains nsistent with our laws and system of checks and balances, but that our efforts are even more transparent to the American people and to the world. Of urse, our challenges don't end with Al Qaida. America will ntinue to lead the effort to prevent the spread of the world's most dangerous weapons. The regime in North Korea must know they will only achieve security and prosperity by meeting their international obligations. Provocations of the sort we saw last night will only further isolate them, as we stand by our allies, strengthen our own missile defense, and lead the world in taking firm action in response to these threats. Likewise, the leaders of Iran must regnize that now is the time for a diplomatic solution, because a alition stands united in demanding that they meet their obligations, and we will do what is necessary to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon. At the same time, we'll engage Russia to seek further reductions in our nuclear arsenals and ntinue leading the global effort to secure nuclear materials that uld fall into the wrong hands, because our ability to influence others depends on our willingness to lead and meet our obligations. America must also face the rapidly growing threat from cyber attacks. Now, we know hackers steal people's identities and infiltrate private e-mails. We know foreign untries and mpanies swipe our rporate secrets. Now our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid, our financial institutions, our air traffic ntrol systems. We cannot look back years from now and wonder why we did nothing in the face of real threats to our security and our enomy. And that's why, earlier today, I signed a new Executive order that will strengthen our cyber defenses by increasing information sharing and developing standards to protect our national security, our jobs, and our privacy. But now Congress must act as well, by passing legislation to give our Government a greater capacity to secure our networks and deter attacks. This is something we should be able to get done on a bipartisan basis. Now, even as we protect our people, we should remember that today's world presents not just dangers, not just threats, it presents opportunities. To boost American exports, support American jobs and level the playing field in the growing markets of Asia, we intend to mplete negotiations on a Trans-Pacific Partnership. And tonight I'm announcing that we will launch talks on a mprehensive transatlantic trade and investment partnership with the European Union, because trade that is fair and free across the Atlantic supports millions of good-paying American jobs. We also know that progress in the most impoverished parts of our world enriches us all, not only because it creates new markets, more stable order in certain regions of the world, but also because it's the right thing to do. In many places, people live on little more than a dollar a day. So the United States will join with our allies to eradicate such extreme poverty in the next two decades by nnecting more people to the global enomy, by empowering women, by giving our young and brightest minds new opportunities to serve and helping mmunities to feed and power and educate themselves, by saving the world's children from preventable deaths, and by realizing the promise of an AIDS-free generation, which is within our reach. You see, America must remain a bean to all who seek freedom during this period of historic change. I saw the power of hope last year in Rangoon, in Burma, when Aung San Suu Kyi welmed an American President into the home where she had been imprisoned for years; when thousands of Burmese lined the streets, waving American flags, including a man who said: There is justice and law in the United States. I want our untry to be like that." In defense of freedom, we'll remain the anchor of strong alliances from the Americas to Africa, from Europe to Asia. In the Middle East, we will stand with citizens as they demand their universal rights and support stable transitions to democracy. We know the process will be messy, and we cannot presume to dictate the urse of change in untries like Egypt, but we can and will insist on respect for the fundamental rights of all people. We'll keep the pressure on a Syrian regime that has murdered its own people and support opposition leaders that respect the rights of every Syrian. And we will stand steadfast with Israel in pursuit of security and a lasting peace. These are the messages I'll deliver when I travel to the Middle East next month. And all this work depends on the urage and sacrifice of those who serve in dangerous places at great personal risk: our diplomats, our intelligence officers, and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces. As long as I'm Commander in Chief, we will do whatever we must to protect those who serve their untry abroad, and we will maintain the best military the world has ever known. We'll invest in new capabilities, even as we reduce waste and wartime spending. We will ensure equal treatment for all servicemembers and equal benefits for their families, gay and straight. We will draw upon the urage and skills of our sisters and daughters and moms, because women have proven under fire that they are ready for mbat. We will keep faith with our veterans, investing in world-class care—including mental health care—for our wounded warriors, supporting our military families, giving our veterans the benefits and education and job opportunities that they have earned. And I want to thank my wife Michelle and Dr. Jill Biden for their ntinued dedication to serving our military families as well as they have served us. Thank you, honey. Thank you, Jill. Defending our freedom, though, is not just the job of our military alone. We must all do our part to make sure our God-given rights are protected here at home. That includes one of the most fundamental rights of a democracy: the right to vote. Now, when any American, no matter where they live or what their party, are denied that right because they can't afford to wait for or or hours just to cast their ballot, we are betraying our ideals. So tonight I'm announcing a nonpartisan mmission to improve the voting experience in America. And it definitely needs improvement. I'm asking two long-time experts in the field—who, by the way, recently served as the top attorneys for my campaign and for Governor Romney's campaign—to lead it. We can fix this, and we will. The American people demand it, and so does our democracy. Of urse, what I've said tonight matters little if we don't me together to protect our most precious resource: our children. It has been months since Newtown. I know this is not the first time this untry has debated how to reduce gun violence. But this time is different. Overwhelming majorities of Americans—Americans who believe in the Send Amendment—have me together around mmonsense reform, like background checks that will make it harder for criminals to get their hands on a gun. Senators of both parties are working together on tough new laws to prevent anyone from buying guns for resale to criminals. Police chiefs are asking our help to get weapons of war and massive ammunition magazines off our streets, because these police chiefs, they're tired of seeing their guys and gals being outgunned. Each of these proposals deserves a vote in Congress. Now, if you want to vote no, that's your choice. But these proposals deserve a vote. Because in the months since Newtown, more than a thousand birthdays, graduations, anniversaries have been stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun—more than a thousand. One of those we lost was a young girl named Hadiya Pendleton. She was years old. She loved Fig Newtons and lip gloss. She was a majorette. She was so good to her friends, they all thought they were her best friend. Just weeks ago, she was here, in Washington, with her classmates, performing for her untry at my Inauguration. And a week later, she was shot and killed in a Chicago park after school, just a mile away from my house. Hadiya's parents, Nate and Cleo, are in this Chamber tonight, along with more than two dozen Americans whose lives have been torn apart by gun violence. They deserve a vote. They deserve a vote. Applause] They deserve a vote. Gabby Giffords deserves a vote. The families of Newtown deserve a vote. The families of Aurora deserve a vote. The families of Oak Creek and Tucson and Blacksburg, and the untless other mmunities ripped open by gun violence, they deserve a simple vote. They deserve a simple vote. Our actions will not prevent every senseless act of violence in this untry. In fact, no laws, no initiatives, no administrative acts will perfectly solve all the challenges I've outlined tonight. But we were never sent here to be perfect. We were sent here to make what difference we can, to secure this Nation, expand opportunity, uphold our ideals through the hard, often frustrating, but absolutely necessary work of self-government. We were sent here to look out for our fellow Americans the same way they look out for one another, every single day, usually without fanfare, all across this untry. We should follow their example. We should follow the example of a New York City nurse named Menchu Sanchez. When Hurricane Sandy plunged her hospital into darkness, she wasn't thinking about how her own home was faring. Her mind was on the precious newborns in her care and the rescue plan she devised that kept them all safe. We should follow the example of a North Miami woman named Desiline Victor. When Desiline arrived at her polling place, she was told the wait to vote might be hours. And as time ticked by, her ncern was not with her tired body or aching feet, but whether folks like her would get to have their say. And hour after hour, a throng of people stayed in line to support her, because Desiline is years old. And they erupted in cheers when she finally put on a sticker that read, I voted." Applause] There's Desiline. We should follow the example of a police officer named Brian Murphy. When a gunman opened fire on a Sikh temple in Wisnsin and Brian was the first to arrive—and he did not nsider his own safety. He fought back until help arrived and ordered his fellow officers to protect the safety of the Americans worshiping inside, even as he lay bleeding from bullet wounds. And when asked how he did that, Brian said, That's just the way we're made." That's just the way we're made. We may do different jobs and wear different uniforms and hold different views than the person beside us. But as Americans, we all share the same proud title: We are citizens. It's a word that doesn't just describe our nationality or legal status. It describes the way we're made. It describes what we believe. It captures the enduring idea that this untry only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations; that our rights are wrapped up in the rights of others; and that well into our third century as a nation, it remains the task of us all, as citizens of these United States, to be the authors of the next great chapter of our American story. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless these United States of America. We gather tonight knowing that this generation of heroes has made the United States safer and more respected around the world. For the first time in years, there are no Americans fighting in Iraq. For the first time in two decades, Usama bin Laden is not a threat to this untry. Most of Al Qaida's top lieutenants have been defeated. The Taliban's momentum has been broken, and some troops in Afghanistan have begun to me home. These achievements are a testament to the urage, selflessness, and teamwork of America's Armed Forces. At a time when too many of our institutions have let us down, they exceed all expectations. They're not nsumed with personal ambition. They don't obsess over their differences. They focus on the mission at hand. They work together. Imagine what we uld acmplish if we followed their example. Think about the America within our reach: a untry that leads the world in educating its people; an America that attracts a new generation of high-tech manufacturing and high-paying jobs; a future where we're in ntrol of our own energy and our security and prosperity aren't so tied to unstable parts of the world; an enomy built to last, where hard work pays off and responsibility is rewarded. We can do this. I know we can, because we've done it before. At the end of World War II, when another generation of heroes returned home from mbat, they built the strongest enomy and middle class the world has ever known. My grandfather, a veteran of Patton's army, got the chance to go to llege on the GI bill. My grandmother, who worked on a bomber assembly line, was part of a workforce that turned out the best products on Earth. The two of them shared the optimism of a nation that had triumphed over a depression and fascism. They understood they were part of something larger, that they were ntributing to a story of success that every American had a chance to share, the basic American promise that if you worked hard, you uld do well enough to raise a family, own a home, send your kids to llege, and put a little away for retirement. The defining issue of our time is how to keep that promise alive. No challenge is more urgent. No debate is more important. We can either settle for a untry where a shrinking number of people do really well while a growing number of Americans barely get by, or we can restore an enomy where everyone gets a fair shot and everyone does their fair share and everyone plays by the same set of rules. What's at stake aren't Democratic values or Republican values, but American values. And we have to reclaim them. Let's remember how we got here. Long before the recession, jobs and manufacturing began leaving our shores. Technology made businesses more efficient, but also made some jobs obsolete. Folks at the top saw their inmes rise like never before, but most hard-working Americans struggled with sts that were growing, paychecks that weren't, and personal debt that kept piling up. In , the house of cards llapsed. We learned that mortgages had been sold to people who uldn't afford or understand them. Banks had made huge bets and bonuses with other people's money. Regulators had looked the other way or didn't have the authority to stop the bad behavior. It was wrong, it was irresponsible, and it plunged our enomy into a crisis that put millions out of work, saddled us with more debt, and left innocent, hard-working Americans holding the bag. In the months before I took office, we lost nearly million jobs. And we lost another million before our policies were in full effect. Those are the facts. But so are these: In the last months, businesses have created more than million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since . American manufacturers are hiring again, creating jobs for the first time since the late s. Together, we've agreed to cut the deficit by more than trillion. And we've put in place new rules to hold Wall Street acuntable so a crisis like this never happens again. The state of our Union is getting stronger. And we've me too far to turn back now. As long as I'm President, I will work with anyone in this Chamber to build on this momentum. But I intend to fight obstruction with action, and I will oppose any effort to return to the very same policies that brought on this enomic crisis in the first place. No, we will not go back to an enomy weakened by outsourcing, bad debt, and phony financial profits. Tonight I want to speak about how we move forward and lay out a blueprint for an enomy that's built to last, an enomy built on American manufacturing, American energy, skills for American workers, and a renewal of American values. Now, this blueprint begins with American manufacturing. On the day I took office, our auto industry was on the verge of llapse. Some even said we should let it die. With a million jobs at stake, I refused to let that happen. In exchange for help, we demanded responsibility. We got workers and automakers to settle their differences. We got the industry to retool and restructure. Today, General Motors is back on top as the world's number-one automaker. Chrysler has grown faster in the U.S. than any major car mpany. Ford is investing billions in U.S. plants and factories. And together, the entire industry added nearly , jobs. We bet on American workers. We bet on American ingenuity. And tonight, the American auto industry is back. What's happening in Detroit can happen in other industries. It can happen in Cleveland and Pittsburgh and Raleigh. We can't bring every job back that's left our shore. But right now it's getting more expensive to do business in places like China. Meanwhile, America is more productive. A few weeks ago, the CEO of Master Lock told me that it now makes business sense for him to bring jobs back home. Today, for the first time in years, Master Lock's unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity. So we have a huge opportunity at this moment to bring manufacturing back. But we have to seize it. Tonight my message to business leaders is simple: Ask yourselves what you can do to bring jobs back to your untry, and your untry will do everything we can to help you succeed. We should start with our Tax Code. Right now mpanies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas. Meanwhile, mpanies that choose to stay in America get hit with one of the highest tax rates in the world. It makes no sense, and everyone knows it. So let's change it. First, if you're a business that wants to outsource jobs, you shouldn't get a tax deduction for doing it. That money should be used to ver moving expenses for mpanies like Master Lock that decide to bring jobs home. Send, no American mpany should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs and profits overseas. From now on, every multinational mpany should have to pay a basic minimum tax. And every penny should go towards lowering taxes for mpanies that choose to stay here and hire here in America. Third, if you're an American manufacturer, you should get a bigger tax cut. If you're a high-tech manufacturer, we should double the tax deduction you get for making your products here. And if you want to relocate in a mmunity that was hit hard when a factory left town, you should get help financing a new plant, equipment, or training for new workers. So my message is simple: It is time to stop rewarding businesses that ship jobs overseas and start rewarding mpanies that create jobs right here in America. Send me these tax reforms, and I will sign them right away. We're also making it easier for American businesses to sell products all over the world. Two years ago, I set a goal of doubling U.S. exports over years. With the bipartisan trade agreements we signed into law, we're on track to meet that goal ahead of schedule. And soon there will be millions of new customers for American goods in Panama, Colombia, and South Korea. Soon there will be new cars on the streets of Seoul imported from Detroit and Toledo and Chicago. I will go anywhere in the world to open new markets for American products. And I will not stand by when our mpetitors don't play by the rules. We've brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration, and it's made a difference. Over a thousand Americans are working today because we stopped a surge in Chinese tires. But we need to do more. It's not right when another untry lets our movies, music, and software be pirated. It's not fair when foreign manufacturers have a leg up on ours only because they're heavily subsidized. Tonight I'm announcing the creation of a trade enforcement unit that will be charged with investigating unfair trading practices in untries like China. There will be more inspections to prevent unterfeit or unsafe goods from crossing our borders. And this Congress should make sure that no foreign mpany has an advantage over American manufacturing when it mes to accessing financing or new markets like Russia. Our workers are the most productive on Earth, and if the playing field is level, I promise you, America will always win. I also hear from many business leaders who want to hire in the United States, but can't find workers with the right skills. Growing industries in science and technology have twice as many openings as we have workers who can do the job. Think about that: openings at a time when millions of Americans are looking for work. It's inexcusable, and we know how to fix it. Jackie Bray is a single mom from North Carolina who was laid off from her job as a mechanic. Then, Siemens opened a gas turbine factory in Charlotte and formed a partnership with Central Piedmont Community College. The mpany helped the llege design urses in laser and robotics training. It paid Jackie's tuition, then hired her to help operate their plant. I want every American looking for work to have the same opportunity as Jackie did. Join me in a national mmitment to train million Americans with skills that will lead directly to a job. My administration has already lined up more mpanies that want to help. Model partnerships between businesses like Siemens and mmunity lleges in places like Charlotte and Orlando and Louisville are up and running. Now you need to give more mmunity lleges the resources they need to beme mmunity career centers, places that teach people skills that businesses are looking for right now, from data management to high-tech manufacturing. And I want to cut through the maze of nfusing training programs so that from now on, people like Jackie have one program, one website, and one place to go for all the information and help that they need. It is time to turn our unemployment system into a reemployment system that puts people to work. These reforms will help people get jobs that are open today. But to prepare for the jobs of tomorrow, our mmitment to skills and education has to start earlier. For less than percent of what our Nation spends on education each year, we've nvinced nearly every State in the untry to raise their standards for teaching and learning, the first time that's happened in a generation. But challenges remain, and we know how to solve them. At a time when other untries are doubling down on education, tight budgets have forced States to lay off thousands of teachers. We know a good teacher can increase the lifetime inme of a classroom by over ,. A great teacher can offer an escape from poverty to the child who dreams beyond his circumstance. Every person in this Chamber can point to a teacher who changed the trajectory of their lives. Most teachers work tirelessly, with modest pay, sometimes digging into their own pocket for school supplies, just to make a difference. Teachers matter. So, instead of bashing them or defending the status quo, let's offer schools a deal. Give them the resources to keep good teachers on the job and reward the best ones. And in return, grant schools flexibility to teach with creativity and passion, to stop teaching to the test, and to replace teachers who just aren't helping kids learn. That's a bargain worth making. We also know that when students don't walk away from their education, more of them walk the stage to get their diploma. When students are not allowed to drop out, they do better. So tonight I am proposing that every State--every State--requires that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn . When kids do graduate, the most daunting challenge can be the st of llege. At a time when Americans owe more in tuition debt than credit card debt, this Congress needs to stop the interest rates on student loans from doubling in July. Extend the tuition tax credit we started that saves millions of middle class families thousands of dollars, and give more young people the chance to earn their way through llege by doubling the number of work-study jobs in the next years. Of urse, it's not enough for us to increase student aid. We can't just keep subsidizing skyrocketing tuition; we'll run out of money. States also need to do their part by making higher education a higher priority in their budgets. And lleges and universities have to do their part by working to keep sts down. Recently, I spoke with a group of llege presidents who have done just that. Some schools redesign urses to help students finish more quickly. Some use better technology. The point is, it's possible. So let me put lleges and universities on notice: If you can't stop tuition from going up, the funding you get from taxpayers will go down. Higher education can't be a luxury. It is an enomic imperative that every family in America should be able to afford. Let's also remember that hundreds of thousands of talented, hard-working students in this untry face another challenge: the fact that they aren't yet American citizens. Many were brought here as small children, are American through and through, yet they live every day with the threat of deportation. Others came more recently, to study business and science and engineering, but as soon as they get their degree, we send them home to invent new products and create new jobs somewhere else. That doesn't make sense. I believe as strongly as ever that we should take on illegal immigration. That's why my administration has put more boots on the border than ever before. That's why there are fewer illegal crossings than when I took office. The opponents of action are out of excuses. We should be working on mprehensive immigration reform right now. But if election-year politics keeps Congress from acting on a mprehensive plan, let's at least agree to stop expelling responsible young people who want to staff our labs, start new businesses, defend this untry. Send me a law that gives them the chance to earn their citizenship. I will sign it right away. You see, an enomy built to last is one where we enurage the talent and ingenuity of every person in this untry. That means women should earn equal pay for equal work. It means we should support everyone who's willing to work and every risk taker and entrepreneur who aspires to beme the next Steve Jobs. After all, innovation is what America has always been about. Most new jobs are created in startups and small businesses. So let's pass an agenda that helps them succeed. Tear down regulations that prevent aspiring entrepreneurs from getting the financing to grow. Expand tax relief to small businesses that are raising wages and creating good jobs. Both parties agree on these ideas. So put them in a bill and get it on my desk this year. Innovation also demands basic research. Today, the disveries taking place in our federally financed labs and universities uld lead to new treatments that kill cancer cells but leave healthy ones untouched, new lightweight vests for ps and soldiers that can stop any bullet. Don't gut these investments in our budget. Don't let other untries win the race for the future. Support the same kind of research and innovation that led to the mputer chip and the Internet, to new American jobs and new American industries. And nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy. Over the last years, we've opened millions of new acres for oil and gas exploration, and tonight I'm directing my administration to open more than percent of our potential offshore oil and gas resources. Right now--right now--American oil production is the highest that it's been in years. That's right, years. Not only that, last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past years. But with only percent of the world's oil reserves, oil isn't enough. This untry needs an all-out, all-of-the-above strategy that develops every available source of American energy, a strategy that's cleaner, cheaper, and full of new jobs. We have a supply of natural gas that can last America nearly years. And my administration will take every possible action to safely develop this energy. Experts believe this will support more than , jobs by the end of the decade. And I'm requiring all mpanies that drill for gas on public lands to disclose the chemicals they use. Because America will develop this resource without putting the health and safety of our citizens at risk. The development of natural gas will create jobs and power trucks and factories that are cleaner and cheaper, proving that we don't have to choose between our environment and our enomy. And by the way, it was public research dollars, over the urse of years, that helped develop the technologies to extract all this natural gas out of shale rock, reminding us that Government support is critical in helping businesses get new energy ideas off the ground. Now, what's true for natural gas is just as true for clean energy. In years, our partnership with the private sector has already positioned America to be the world's leading manufacturer of high-tech batteries. Because of Federal investments, renewable energy use has nearly doubled, and thousands of Americans have jobs because of it. When Bryan Ritterby was laid off from his job making furniture, he said he worried that at no one would give him a send chance. But he found work at Energetx, a wind turbine manufacturer in Michigan. Before the recession, the factory only made luxury yachts. Today, it's hiring workers like Bryan, who said, I'm proud to be working in the industry of the future." Our experience with shale gas, our experience with natural gas, shows us that the payoffs on these public investments don't always me right away. Some technologies don't pan out, some mpanies fail. But I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy. I will not walk away from workers like Bryan. I will not cede the wind or solar or battery industry to China or Germany because we refuse to make the same mmitment here. We've subsidized oil mpanies for a century. That's long enough. It's time to end the taxpayer giveaways to an industry that rarely has been more profitable and double down on a clean energy industry that never has been more promising. Pass clean energy tax credits. Create these jobs. We can also spur energy innovation with new incentives. The differences in this Chamber may be too deep right now to pass a mprehensive plan to fight climate change. But there's no reason why Congress shouldn't at least set a clean energy standard that creates a market for innovation. So far, you haven't acted. Well, tonight I will. I'm directing my administration to allow the development of clean energy on enough public land to power million homes. And I'm proud to announce that the Department of Defense, working with us, the world's largest nsumer of energy, will make one of the largest mmitments to clean energy in history, with the Navy purchasing enough capacity to power a quarter of a million homes a year. Of urse, the easiest way to save money is to waste less energy. So here's a proposal: Help manufacturers eliminate energy waste in their factories and give businesses incentives to upgrade their buildings. Their energy bills will be a hundred billion dollars lower over the next decade, and America will have less pollution, more manufacturing, more jobs for nstruction workers who need them. Send me a bill that creates these jobs. Building this new energy future should be just one part of a broader agenda to repair America's infrastructure. So much of America needs to be rebuilt. We've got crumbling roads and bridges, a power grid that wastes too much energy, an inmplete high-speed broadband network that prevents a small-business owner in rural America from selling her products all over the world. During the Great Depression, America built the Hoover Dam and the Golden Gate Bridge. After World War II, we nnected our States with a system of highways. Democratic and Republican administrations invested in great projects that benefited everybody, from the workers who built them to the businesses that still use them today. In the next few weeks, I will sign an Executive order clearing away the redtape that slows down too many nstruction projects. But you need to fund these projects. Take the money we're no longer spending at war, use half of it to pay down our debt, and use the rest to do some nation-building right here at home. There's never been a better time to build, especially since the nstruction industry was one of the hardest hit when the housing bubble burst. Of urse, nstruction workers weren't the only ones who were hurt. So were millions of innocent Americans who've seen their home values decline. And while Government can't fix the problem on its own, responsible homeowners shouldn't have to sit and wait for the housing market to hit bottom to get some relief. And that's why I'm sending this Congress a plan that gives every responsible homeowner the chance to save about , a year on their mortgage by refinancing at historically low rates. No more redtape. No more runaround from the banks. A small fee on the largest financial institutions will ensure that it won't add to the deficit and will give those banks that were rescued by taxpayers a chance to repay a deficit of trust. Let's never forget: Millions of Americans who work hard and play by the rules every day deserve a Government and a financial system that do the same. It's time to apply the same rules from top to bottom. No bailouts, no handouts, and no pouts. An America built to last insists on responsibility from everybody. We've all paid the price for lenders who sold mortgages to people who uldn't afford them and buyers who knew they uldn't afford them. That's why we need smart regulations to prevent irresponsible behavior. Rules to prevent financial fraud or toxic dumping or faulty medical devices, these don't destroy the free market. They make the free market work better. There's no question that some regulations are outdated, unnecessary, or too stly. In fact, I've approved fewer regulations in the first years of my Presidency than my Republican predecessor did in his. I've ordered every Federal agency to eliminate rules that don't make sense. We've already announced over reforms, and just a fraction of them will save business and citizens more than billion over the next years. We got rid of one rule from years ago that uld have forced some dairy farmers to spend , a year proving that they uld ntain a spill, because milk was somehow classified as an oil. With a rule like that, I guess it was worth crying over spilled milk. Laughter] Now, I'm nfident a farmer can ntain a milk spill without a Federal agency looking over his shoulder. Absolutely. But I will not back down from making sure an oil mpany can ntain the kind of oil spill we saw in the Gulf years ago. I will not back down from protecting our kids from mercury poisoning or making sure that our food is safe and our water is clean. I will not go back to the days when health insurance mpanies had unchecked power to cancel your policy, deny your verage, or charge women differently than men. And I will not go back to the days when Wall Street was allowed to play by its own set of rules. The new rules we passed restore what should be any financial system's re purpose: getting funding to entrepreneurs with the best ideas and getting loans to responsible families who want to buy a home or start a business or send their kids to llege. So, if you are a big bank or financial institution, you're no longer allowed to make risky bets with your customers' deposits. You're required to write out a living will" that details exactly how you'll pay the bills if you fail, because the rest of us are not bailing you out ever again. And if you're a mortgage lender or a payday lender or a credit card mpany, the days of signing people up for products they can't afford with nfusing forms and deceptive practices, those days are over. Today, American nsumers finally have a watchdog in Richard Cordray, with one job: to look out for them. We'll also establish a financial crimes unit of highly trained investigators to crack down on large-scale fraud and protect people's investments. Some financial firms violate major antifraud laws because there's no real penalty for being a repeat offender. That's bad for nsumers, and it's bad for the vast majority of bankers and financial service professionals who do the right thing. So pass legislation that makes the penalties for fraud unt. And tonight I'm asking my Attorney General to create a special unit of Federal prosecutors and leading State attorney general to expand our investigations into the abusive lending and packaging of risky mortgages that led to the housing crisis. This new unit will hold acuntable those who broke the law, speed assistance to homeowners, and help turn the page on an era of recklessness that hurt so many Americans. Now, a return to the American values of fair play and shared responsibility will help protect our people and our enomy. But it should also guide us as we look to pay down our debt and invest in our future. Right now our most immediate priority is stopping a tax hike on million working Americans while the revery is still fragile. People cannot afford losing out of each paycheck this year. There are plenty of ways to get this done. So let's agree right here, right now. No side issues. No drama. Pass the payroll tax cut without delay. Let's get it done. When it mes to the deficit, we've already agreed to more than trillion in cuts and savings. But we need to do more, and that means making choices. Right now we're poised to spend nearly trillion more on what was supposed to be a temporary tax break for the wealthiest percent of Americans. Right now, because of loopholes and shelters in the Tax Code, a quarter of all millionaires pay lower tax rates than millions of middle class households. Right now Warren Buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. Do we want to keep these tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? Or do we want to keep our investments in everything else, like education and medical research, a strong military and care for our veterans? Because if we're serious about paying down our debt, we can't do both. The American people know what the right choice is. So do I. As I told the Speaker this summer, I'm prepared to make more reforms that rein in the long-term sts of Medicare and Medicaid and strengthen Social Security, so long as those programs remain a guarantee of security for seniors. But in return, we need to change our Tax Code so that people like me, and an awful lot of Members of Congress, pay our fair share of taxes. Tax reform should follow the Buffett rule. If you make more than a million dollars a year, you should not pay less than percent in taxes. And my Republican friend Tom Coburn is right: Washington should stop subsidizing millionaires. In fact, if you're earning a million dollars a year, you shouldn't get special tax subsidies or deductions. On the other hand, if you make under , a year, like percent of American families, your taxes shouldn't go up. You're the ones struggling with rising sts and stagnant wages. You're the ones who need relief. Now, you can call this class warfare all you want. But asking a billionaire to pay at least as much as his secretary in taxes? Most Americans would call that mmon sense. We don't begrudge financial success in this untry. We admire it. When Americans talk about folks like me paying my fair share of taxes, it's not because they envy the rich. It's because they understand that when I get a tax break I don't need and the untry can't afford, it either adds to the deficit or somebody else has to make up the difference, like a senior on a fixed inme or a student trying to get through school or a family trying to make ends meet. That's not right. Americans know that's not right. They know that this generation's success is only possible because past generations felt a responsibility to each other and to the future of their untry, and they know our way of life will only endure if we feel that same sense of shared responsibility. That's how we'll reduce our deficit. That's an America built to last. Now, I regnize that people watching tonight have differing views about taxes and debt, energy and health care. But no matter what party they belong to, I bet most Americans are thinking the same thing right about now: Nothing will get done in Washington this year or next year or maybe even the year after that, because Washington is broken. Can you blame them for feeling a little cynical? The greatest blow to our nfidence in our enomy last year didn't me from events beyond our ntrol. It came from a debate in Washington over whether the United States would pay its bills or not. Who benefited from that fias? I've talked tonight about the deficit of trust between Main Street and Wall Street. But the divide between this city and the rest of the untry is at least as bad, and it seems to get worse every year. Now, some of this has to do with the rrosive influence of money in politics. So together, let's take some steps to fix that. Send me a bill that bans insider trading by Members of Congress. I will sign it tomorrow. Let's limit any elected official from owning stocks in industries they impact. Let's make sure people who bundle campaign ntributions for Congress can't lobby Congress and vice versa, an idea that has bipartisan support, at least outside of Washington. Some of what's broken has to do with the way Congress does its business these days. A simple majority is no longer enough to get anything--even routine business--passed through the Senate. Neither party has been blameless in these tactics. Now both parties should put an end to it. For starters, I ask the Senate to pass a simple rule that all judicial and public service nominations receive a simple up-or-down vote within days. The executive branch also needs to change. Too often, it's inefficient, outdated, and remote. That's why I've asked this Congress to grant me the authority to nsolidate the Federal bureaucracy so that our Government is leaner, quicker, and more responsive to the needs of the American people. Finally, none of this can happen unless we also lower the temperature in this town. We need to end the notion that the two parties must be locked in a perpetual campaign of mutual destruction, that politics is about clinging to rigid ideologies instead of building nsensus around mmonsense ideas. I'm a Democrat, but I believe what Republican Abraham Linln believed: that Government should do for people only what they cannot do better by themselves and no more. That's why my education reform offers more mpetition and more ntrol for schools and States. That's why we're getting rid of regulations that don't work. That's why our health care law relies on a reformed private market, not a Government program. On the other hand, even my Republican friends who mplain the most about Government spending have supported federally financed roads and clean energy projects and Federal offices for the folks back home. The point is, we should all want a smarter, more effective Government. And while we may not be able to bridge our biggest philosophical differences this year, we can make real progress. With or without this Congress, I will keep taking actions that help the enomy grow. But I can do a whole lot more with your help. Because when we act together, there's nothing the United States of America can't achieve. That's the lesson we've learned from our actions abroad over the last few years. Ending the Iraq war has allowed us to strike decisive blows against our enemies. From Pakistan to Yemen, the Al Qaida operatives who remain are scrambling, knowing that they can't escape the reach of the United States of America. From this position of strength, we've begun to wind down the war in Afghanistan. Ten thousand of our troops have me home. Twenty-three thousand more will leave by the end of this summer. This transition to Afghan lead will ntinue, and we will build an enduring partnership with Afghanistan so that it is never again a source of attacks against America. As the tide of war recedes, a wave of change has washed across the Middle East and North Africa, from Tunis to Cairo, from Sana'a to Tripoli. A year ago, Qadhafi was one of the world's longest serving dictators, a murderer with American blood on his hands. Today, he is gone. And in Syria, I have no doubt that the Asad regime will soon disver that the forces of change cannot be reversed and that human dignity cannot be denied. How this incredible transformation will end remains uncertain. But we have a huge stake in the outme. And while it's ultimately up to the people of the region to decide their fate, we will advocate for those values that have served our own untry so well. We will stand against violence and intimidation. We will stand for the rights and dignity of all human beings: men and women; Christians, Muslims, and Jews. We will support policies that lead to strong and stable democracies and open markets, because tyranny is no match for liberty. And we will safeguard America's own security against those who threaten our citizens, our friends, and our interests. Look at Iran. Through the power of our diplomacy, a world that was once divided about how to deal with Iran's nuclear program now stands as one. The regime is more isolated than ever before. Its leaders are faced with crippling sanctions, and as long as they shirk their responsibilities, this pressure will not relent. Let there be no doubt: America is determined to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and I will take no options off the table to achieve that goal. But a peaceful resolution of this issue is still possible, and far better. And if Iran changes urse and meets its obligations, it can rejoin the mmunity of nations. The renewal of American leadership can be felt across the globe. Our oldest alliances in Europe and Asia are stronger than ever. Our ties to the Americas are deeper. Our ironclad mmitment--and I mean ironclad--to Israel's security has meant the closest military operation between our two untries in history. We've made it clear that America is a Pacific power, and a new beginning in Burma has lit a new hope. From the alitions we've built to secure nuclear materials to the missions we've led against hunger and disease, from the blows we've dealt to our enemies to the enduring power of our moral example, America is back. Anyone who tells you otherwise, anyone who tells you that America is in decline or that our influence has waned, doesn't know what they're talking about. That's not the message we get from leaders around the world who are eager to work with us. That's not how people feel from Tokyo to Berlin, from Cape Town to Rio, where opinions of America are higher than they've been in years. Yes, the world is changing. No, we can't ntrol every event. But America remains the one indispensable nation in world affairs, and as long as I'm President, I intend to keep it that way. That's why, working with our military leaders, I've proposed a new defense strategy that ensures we maintain the finest military in the world, while saving nearly half a trillion dollars in our budget. To stay one step ahead of our adversaries, I've already sent this Congress legislation that will secure our untry from the growing dangers of cyber threats. Above all, our freedom endures because of the men and women in uniform who defend it. As they me home, we must serve them as well as they've served us. That includes giving them the care and the benefits they have earned, which is why we've increased annual VA spending every year I've been President. And it means enlisting our veterans in the work of rebuilding our Nation. With the bipartisan support of this Congress, we're providing new tax credits to mpanies that hire vets. Michelle and Jill Biden have worked with American businesses to secure a pledge of , jobs for veterans and their families. And tonight I'm proposing a veterans jobs rps that will help our mmunities hire veterans as ps and firefighters, so that America is as strong as those who defend her. Which brings me back to where I began. Those of us who've been sent here to serve can learn a thing or two from the service of our troops. When you put on that uniform, it doesn't matter if you're Black or White, Asian, Latino, Native American; nservative, liberal; rich, poor; gay, straight. When you're marching into battle, you look out for the person next to you or the mission fails. When you're in the thick of the fight, you rise or fall as one unit, serving one Nation, leaving no one behind. You know, one of my proudest possessions is the flag that the SEAL team took with them on the mission to get bin Laden. On it are each of their names. Some may be Democrats, some may be Republicans, but that doesn't matter. Just like it didn't matter that day in the Situation Room, when I sat next to Bob Gates, a man who was George Bush's Defense Secretary, and Hillary Clinton, a woman who ran against me for President. All that mattered that day was the mission. No one thought about politics. No one thought about themselves. One of the young men involved in the raid later told me that he didn't deserve credit for the mission. It only succeeded, he said, because every single member of that unit did their job: the pilot who landed the helipter that spun out of ntrol, the translator who kept others from entering the mpound, the troops who separated the women and children from the fight, the SEALs who charged up the stairs. More than that, the mission only succeeded because every member of that unit trusted each other. Because you can't charge up those stairs into darkness and danger unless you know that there's somebody behind you, watching your back. So it is with America. Each time I look at that flag, I'm reminded that our destiny is stitched together like those stars and those stripes. No one built this untry on their own. This Nation is great because we built it together. This Nation is great because we worked as a team. This Nation is great because we get each other's backs. And if we hold fast to that truth, in this moment of trial, there is no challenge too great, no mission too hard. As long as we are joined in mmon purpose, as long as we maintain our mmon resolve, our journey moves forward, and our future is hopeful, and the state of our Union will always be strong. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. It's no secret that those of us here tonight have had our differences over the last years. The debates have been ntentious; we have fought fiercely for our beliefs. And that's a good thing. That's what a robust democracy demands. That's what helps set us apart as a nation. But there's a reason the tragedy in Tucson gave us pause. Amid all the noise and passion and ranr of our public debate, Tucson reminded us that no matter who we are or where we me from, each of us is a part of something greater, something more nsequential than party or political preference. We are part of the American family. We believe that in a untry where every race and faith and point of view can be found, we are still bound together as one people, that we share mmon hopes and a mmon creed, that the dreams of a little girl in Tucson are not so different than those of our own children, that they all deserve the chance to be fulfilled. That too is what sets us apart as a nation. Now, by itself, this simple regnition won't usher in a new era of operation. What mes of this moment is up to us. What mes of this moment will be determined not by whether we can sit together tonight, but whether we can work together tomorrow. I believe we can, and I believe we must. That's what the people who sent us here expect of us. With their votes, they've determined that governing will now be a shared responsibility between parties. New laws will only pass with support from Democrats and Republicans. We will move forward together or not at all, for the challenges we face are bigger than party and bigger than politics. At stake right now is not who wins the next election. After all, we just had an election. At stake is whether new jobs and industries take root in this untry or somewhere else. It's whether the hard work and industry of our people is rewarded. It's whether we sustain the leadership that has made America not just a place on a map, but the light to the world. We are poised for progress. Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known, the stock market has me roaring back, rporate profits are up, the enomy is growing again. But we have never measured progress by these yardsticks alone. We measure progress by the success of our people, by the jobs they can find and the quality of life those jobs offer, by the prospects of a small-business owner who dreams of turning a good idea into a thriving enterprise, by the opportunities for a better life that we pass on to our children. That's the project the American people want us to work on--together. Now, we did that in December. Thanks to the tax cuts we passed, Americans' paychecks are a little bigger today. Every business can write off the full st of new investments that they make this year. And these steps, taken by Democrats and Republicans, will grow the enomy and add to the more than million private sector jobs created last year. But we have to do more. These steps we've taken over the last years may have broken the back of this recession, but to win the future, we'll need to take on challenges that have been decades in the making. Many people watching tonight can probably remember a time when finding a good job meant showing up at a nearby factory or a business downtown. You didn't always need a degree, and your mpetition was pretty much limited to your neighbors. If you worked hard, chances are you'd have a job for life, with a decent paycheck and good benefits and the occasional promotion. Maybe you'd even have the pride of seeing your kids work at the same mpany. That world has changed. And for many, the change has been painful. I've seen it in the shuttered windows of once booming factories and the vacant storefronts on once busy Main Streets. I've heard it in the frustrations of Americans who've seen their paychecks dwindle or their jobs disappear, proud men and women who feel like the rules have been changed in the middle of the game. They're right. The rules have changed. In a single generation, revolutions in technology have transformed the way we live, work, and do business. Steel mills that once needed , workers can now do the same work with . Today, just about any mpany can set up shop, hire workers, and sell their products wherever there's an Internet nnection. Meanwhile, nations like China and India realized that with some changes of their own, they uld mpete in this new world. And so they started educating their children earlier and longer, with greater emphasis on math and science. They're investing in research and new technologies. Just recently, China became the home to the world's largest private solar research facility and the world's fastest mputer. So yes, the world is changed. The mpetition for jobs is real. But this shouldn't disurage us. It should challenge us. Remember, for all the hits we've taken these last few years, for all the naysayers predicting our decline, America still has the largest, most prosperous enomy in the world. No workers are more productive than ours. No untry has more successful mpanies or grants more patents to inventors and entrepreneurs. We're the home to the world's best lleges and universities, where more students me to study than any place on Earth. What's more, we are the first nation to be founded for the sake of an idea: the idea that each of us deserves the chance to shape our own destiny. That's why centuries of pioneers and immigrants have risked everything to me here. It's why our students don't just memorize equations, but answer questions like: What do you think of that idea? What would you change about the world? What do you want to be when you grow up?" The future is ours to win. But to get there, we can't just stand still. As Robert Kennedy told us: The future is not a gift. It is an achievement." Sustaining the American Dream has never been about standing pat. It has required each generation to sacrifice and struggle and meet the demands of a new age. And now it's our turn. We know what it takes to mpete for the jobs and industries of our time. We need to outinnovate, outeducate, and outbuild the rest of the world. We have to make America the best place on Earth to do business. We need to take responsibility for our deficit and reform our Government. That's how our people will prosper. That's how we'll win the future. And tonight I'd like to talk about how we get there. The first step in winning the future is enuraging American innovation. None of us can predict with certainty what the next big industry will be or where the new jobs will me from. Thirty years ago, we uldn't know that something called the Internet would lead to an enomic revolution. What we can do--what America does better than anyone else--is spark the creativity and imagination of our people. We're the nation that put cars in driveways and mputers in offices; the nation of Edison and the Wright brothers, of Google and Facebook. In America, innovation doesn't just change our lives. It is how we make our living. Our free enterprise system is what drives innovation. But because it's not always profitable for mpanies to invest in basic research, throughout our history, our Government has provided cutting-edge scientists and inventors with the support that they need. That's what planted the seeds for the Internet. That's what helped make possible things like mputer chips and GPS. Just think of all the good jobs--from manufacturing to retail--that have me from these breakthroughs. Half a century ago, when the Soviets beat us into space with the launch of a satellite called Sputnik, we had no idea how we would beat them to the Moon. The science wasn't even there yet. NASA didn't exist. But after investing in better research and education, we didn't just surpass the Soviets, we unleashed a wave of innovation that created new industries and millions of new jobs. This is our generation's Sputnik moment. Two years ago, I said that we needed to reach a level of research and development we haven't seen since the height of the space race. And in a few weeks, I will be sending a budget to Congress that helps us meet that goal. We'll invest in biomedical research, information technology, and especially clean energy technology, an investment that will strengthen our security, protect our planet, and create untless new jobs for our people. Already, we're seeing the promise of renewable energy. Robert and Gary Allen are brothers who run a small Michigan roofing mpany. After September , they volunteered their best roofers to help repair the Pentagon. But half of their factory went unused, and the recession hit them hard. Today, with the help of a Government loan, that empty space is being used to manufacture solar shingles that are being sold all across the untry. In Robert's words, We reinvented ourselves." That's what Americans have done for over years: reinvented ourselves. And to spur on more success stories like the Allen Brothers, we've begun to reinvent our energy policy. We're not just handing out money. We're issuing a challenge. We're telling America's scientists and engineers that if they assemble teams of the best minds in their fields and focus on the hardest problems in clean energy, we'll fund the Apollo projects of our time. At the California Institute of Technology, they're developing a way to turn sunlight and water into fuel for our cars. At Oak Ridge National Laboratory, they're using supermputers to get a lot more power out of our nuclear facilities. With more research and incentives, we can break our dependence on oil with biofuels and beme the first untry to have a million electric vehicles on the road by . We need to get behind this innovation. And to help pay for it, I'm asking Congress to eliminate the billions in taxpayer dollars we currently give to oil mpanies. I don't know if you've noticed, but they're doing just fine on their own. Laughter] So instead of subsidizing yesterday's energy, let's invest in tomorrow's. Now, clean energy breakthroughs will only translate into clean energy jobs if businesses know there will be a market for what they're selling. So tonight I challenge you to join me in setting a new goal: By , percent of America's electricity will me from clean energy sources. Some folks want wind and solar. Others want nuclear, clean al, and natural gas. To meet this goal, we will need them all, and I urge Democrats and Republicans to work together to make it happen. Maintaining our leadership in research and technology is crucial to America's success. But if we want to win the future, if we want innovation to produce jobs in America and not overseas, then we also have to win the race to educate our kids. Think about it. Over the next years, nearly half of all new jobs will require education that goes beyond a high school education. And yet as many as a quarter of our students aren't even finishing high school. The quality of our math and science education lags behind many other nations. America has fallen to ninth in the proportion of young people with a llege degree. And so the question is whether all of us, as citizens and as parents, are willing to do what's necessary to give every child a chance to succeed. That responsibility begins not in our classrooms, but in our homes and mmunities. It's family that first instills the love of learning in a child. Only parents can make sure the TV is turned off and homework gets done. We need to teach our kids that it's not just the winner of the Super Bowl who deserves to be celebrated, but the winner of the science fair. We need to teach them that success is not a function of fame or PR, but of hard work and discipline. Our schools share this responsibility. When a child walks into a classroom, it should be a place of high expectations and high performance. But too many schools don't meet this test. That's why instead of just pouring money into a system that's not working, we launched a mpetition called Race to the Top. To all States, we said, If you show us the most innovative plans to improve teacher quality and student achievement, we'll show you the money." Race to the Top is the most meaningful reform of our public schools in a generation. For less than percent of what we spend on education each year, it has led over States to raise their standards for teaching and learning. And these standards were developed, by the way, not by Washington, but by Republican and Democratic Governors throughout the untry. And Race to the Top should be the approach we follow this year as we replace No Child Left Behind with a law that's more flexible and focused on what's best for our kids. You see, we know what's possible from our children when reform isn't just a top-down mandate, but the work of local teachers and principals, school boards and mmunities. Take a school like Bruce Randolph in Denver. Three years ago, it was rated one of the worst schools in Colorado, located on turf between two rival gangs. But last May, percent of the seniors received their diploma. Most will be the first in their families to go to llege. And after the first year of the school's transformation, the principal who made it possible wiped away tears when a student said, Thank you, Ms. Waters, for showing that we are smart and we can make it." That's what good schools can do, and we want good schools all across the untry. Let's also remember that after parents, the biggest impact on a child's success mes from the man or woman at the front of the classroom. In South Korea, teachers are known as nation builders. Here in America, it's time we treated the people who educate our children with the same level of respect. We want to reward good teachers and stop making excuses for bad ones. And over the next years, with so many baby boomers retiring from our classrooms, we want to prepare , new teachers in the fields of science and technology and engineering and math. In fact, to every young person listening tonight who's ntemplating their career choice: If you want to make a difference in the life of our Nation, if you want to make a difference in the life of a child, beme a teacher. Your untry needs you. Of urse, the education race doesn't end with a high school diploma. To mpete, higher education must be within the reach of every American. That's why we've ended the unwarranted taxpayer subsidies that went to banks and used the savings to make llege affordable for millions of students. And this year, I ask Congress to go further and make permanent our tuition tax credit, worth , for years of llege. It's the right thing to do. Because people need to be able to train for new jobs and careers in today's fast-changing enomy, we're also revitalizing America's mmunity lleges. Last month, I saw the promise of these schools at Forsyth Tech in North Carolina. Many of the students there used to work in the surrounding factories that have since left town. One mother of two, a woman named Kathy Proctor, had worked in the furniture industry since she was years old. And she told me she's earning her degree in biotechnology now, at years old, not just because the furniture jobs are gone, but because she wants to inspire her children to pursue their dreams too. As Kathy said, I hope it tells them to never give up." If we take these steps, if we raise expectations for every child and give them the best possible chance at an education, from the day they are born until the last job they take, we will reach the goal that I set years ago: By the end of the decade, America will once again have the highest proportion of llege graduates in the world. One last point about education: Today, there are hundreds of thousands of students excelling in our schools who are not American citizens. Some are the children of undocumented workers, who had nothing to do with the actions of their parents. They grew up as Americans and pledge allegiance to our flag, and yet they live every day with the threat of deportation. Others me here from abroad to study in our lleges and universities. But as soon as they obtain advanced degrees, we send them back home to mpete against us. It makes no sense. Now, I strongly believe that we should take on, once and for all, the issue of illegal immigration. And I am prepared to work with Republicans and Democrats to protect our borders, enforce our laws, and address the millions of undocumented workers who are now living in the shadows. I know that debate will be difficult. I know it will take time. But tonight, let's agree to make that effort. And let's stop expelling talented, responsible young people who uld be staffing our research labs or starting a new business, who uld be further enriching this Nation. The third step in winning the future is rebuilding America. To attract new businesses to our shores, we need the fastest, most reliable ways to move people, goods, and information, from high-speed rail to high-speed Internet. Our infrastructure used to be the best, but our lead has slipped. South Korean homes now have greater Internet access than we do. Countries in Europe and Russia invest more in their roads and railways than we do. China is building faster trains and newer airports. Meanwhile, when our own engineers graded our Nation's infrastructure, they gave us a D. We have to do better. America is the nation that built the transntinental railroad, brought electricity to rural mmunities, nstructed the Interstate Highway System. The jobs created by these projects didn't just me from laying down track or pavement. They came from businesses that opened near a town's new train station or the new off-ramp. So over the last years, we've begun rebuilding for the st century, a project that has meant thousands of good jobs for the hard-hit nstruction industry. And tonight I'm proposing that we redouble those efforts. We'll put more Americans to work repairing crumbling roads and bridges. We'll make sure this is fully paid for, attract private investment, and pick projects based on]* what's best for the enomy, not politicians. Within years, our goal is to give percent of Americans access to high-speed rail. This uld allow you to go places in half the time it takes to travel by car. For some trips, it will be faster than flying, without the pat-down. Laughter] As we speak, routes in California and the Midwest are already underway. Within the next years, we'll make it possible for businesses to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless verage to percent of all Americans. This isn't just about--this isn't about faster Internet or fewer dropped calls. It's about nnecting every part of America to the digital age. It's about a rural mmunity in Iowa or Alabama where farmers and small-business owners will be able to sell their products all over the world. It's about a firefighter who can download the design of a burning building onto a handheld device, a student who can take classes with a digital textbook, or a patient who can have face-to-face video chats with her doctor. All these investments--in innovation, education, and infrastructure--will make America a better place to do business and create jobs. But to help our mpanies mpete, we also have to knock down barriers that stand in the way of their success. For example, over the years, a parade of lobbyists has rigged the Tax Code to benefit particular mpanies and industries. Those with acuntants or lawyers to work the system can end up paying no taxes at all. But all the rest are hit with one of the highest rporate tax rates in the world. It makes no sense, and it has to change. So tonight I'm asking Democrats and Republicans to simplify the system, get rid of the loopholes, level the playing field, and use the savings to lower the rporate tax rate for the first time in years without adding to our deficit. It can be done. To help businesses sell more products abroad, we set a goal of doubling our exports by . Because the more we export, the more jobs we create here at home. Already, our exports are up. Recently, we signed agreements with India and China that will support more than , jobs here in the United States. And last month, we finalized a trade agreement with South Korea that will support at least , American jobs. This agreement has unprecedented support from business and labor, Democrats and Republicans, and I ask this Congress to pass it as soon as possible. Now, before I took office, I made it clear that we would enforce our trade agreements and that I would only sign deals that keep faith with American workers and promote American jobs. That's what we did with Korea, and that's what I intend to do as we pursue agreements with Panama and Colombia and ntinue our Asia-Pacific and global trade talks. To reduce barriers to growth and investment, I've ordered a review of Government regulations. When we find rules that put an unnecessary burden on businesses, we will fix them. But I will not hesitate to create or enforce mmonsense safeguards to protect the American people. That's what we've done in this untry for more than a century. It's why our food is safe to eat, our water is safe to drink, and our air is safe to breathe. It's why we have speed limits and child labor laws. It's why last year, we put in place nsumer protections against hidden fees and penalties by credit card mpanies and new rules to prevent another financial crisis. And it's why we passed reform that finally prevents the health insurance industry from exploiting patients. Now, I have heard rumors that a few of you still have ncerns about our new health care law. Laughter] So let me be the first to say that anything can be improved. If you have ideas about how to improve this law by making care better or more affordable, I am eager to work with you. We can start right now by rrecting a flaw in the legislation that has placed an unnecessary bookkeeping burden on small businesses. What I'm not willing to do--what I'm not willing to do--is go back to the days when insurance mpanies uld deny someone verage because of a preexisting ndition. I'm not willing to tell James Howard, a brain cancer patient from Texas, that his treatment might not be vered. I'm not willing to tell Jim Houser, a small-businessman from Oregon, that he has to go back to paying , more to ver his employees. As we speak, this law is making prescription drugs cheaper for seniors and giving uninsured students a chance to stay on their patients'--parents' verage. So I say to this Chamber tonight: Instead of refighting the battles of the last years, let's fix what needs fixing, and let's move forward. Now, the final critical step in winning the future is to make sure we aren't buried under a mountain of debt. We are living with a legacy of deficit spending that began almost a decade ago. And in the wake of the financial crisis, some of that was necessary to keep credit flowing, save jobs, and put money in people's pockets. But now that the worst of the recession is over, we have to nfront the fact that our Government spends more than it takes in. That is not sustainable. Every day, families sacrifice to live within their means. They deserve a Government that does the same. So tonight I am proposing that starting this year, we freeze annual domestic spending for the next years. Now, this would reduce the deficit by more than billion over the next decade and will bring discretionary spending to the lowest share of our enomy since Dwight Eisenhower was President. This freeze will require painful cuts. Already, we've frozen the salaries of hard-working Federal employees for the next years. I've proposed cuts to things I care deeply about, like mmunity action programs. The Secretary of Defense has also agreed to cut tens of billions of dollars in spending that he and his generals believe our military can do without. Now, I regnize that some in this Chamber have already proposed deeper cuts, and I'm willing to eliminate whatever we can honestly afford to do without. But let's make sure that we're not doing it on the backs of our most vulnerable citizens. And let's make sure that what we're cutting is really excess weight. Cutting the deficit by gutting our investments in innovation and education is like lightening an overloaded airplane by removing its engine. It may make you feel like you're flying high at first, but it won't take long before you feel the impact. Laughter] Now, most of the cuts and savings I've proposed only address annual domestic spending, which represents a little more than percent of our budget. To make further progress, we have to stop pretending that cutting this kind of spending alone will be enough. It won't. The bipartisan fiscal mmission I created last year made this crystal clear. I don't agree with all their proposals, but they made important progress. And their nclusion is that the only way to tackle our deficit is to cut excessive spending wherever we find it, in domestic spending, defense spending, health care spending, and spending through tax breaks and loopholes. This means further reducing health care sts, including programs like Medicare and Medicaid, which are the single biggest ntributor to our long-term deficit. The health insurance law we passed last year will slow these rising sts, which is part of the reason that nonpartisan enomists have said that repealing the health care law would add a quarter of a trillion dollars to our deficit. Still, I'm willing to look at other ideas to bring down sts, including one that Republicans suggested last year: medical malpractice reform to rein in frivolous lawsuits. To put us on solid ground, we should also find a bipartisan solution to strengthen Social Security for future generations. We must do it without putting at risk current retirees, the most vulnerable, or people with disabilities, without slashing benefits for future generations, and without subjecting Americans' guaranteed retirement inme to the whims of the stock market. And if we truly care about our deficit, we simply can't afford a permanent extension of the tax cuts for the wealthiest percent of Americans. Before we take money away from our schools or scholarships away from our students, we should ask millionaires to give up their tax break. It's not a matter of punishing their success, it's about promoting America's success. In fact, the best thing we uld do on taxes for all Americans is to simplify the individual Tax Code. This will be a tough job, but members of both parties have expressed an interest in doing this, and I am prepared to join them. So now is the time to act. Now is the time for both sides and both Houses of Congress, Democrats and Republicans, to forge a principled mpromise that gets the job done. If we make the hard choices now to rein in our deficits, we can make the investments we need to win the future. Let me take this one step further. We shouldn't just give our people a Government that's more affordable, we should give them a Government that's more mpetent and more efficient. We can't win the future with a Government of the past. We live and do business in the Information Age, but the last major reorganization of the Government happened in the age of black-and-white TV. There are different agencies that deal with exports. There are at least five different agencies that deal with housing policy. Then there's my favorite example: The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while they're in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when they're in saltwater. Laughter] I hear it gets even more mplicated once they're smoked. Laughter] Now, we've made great strides over the last years in using technology and getting rid of waste. Veterans can now download their electronic medical rerds with a click of the mouse. We're selling acres of Federal office space that hasn't been used in years, and we'll cut through redtape to get rid of more. But we need to think bigger. In the ming months, my administration will develop a proposal to merge, nsolidate, and reorganize the Federal Government in a way that best serves the goal of a more mpetitive America. I will submit that proposal to Congress for a vote, and we will push to get it passed. In the ming year, we'll also work to rebuild people's faith in the institution of Government. Because you deserve to know exactly how and where your tax dollars are being spent, you'll be able to go to a web site and get that information for the very first time in history. Because you deserve to know when your elected officials are meeting with lobbyists, I ask Congress to do what the White House has already done: put that information online. And because the American people deserve to know that special interests aren't larding up legislation with pet projects, both parties in Congress should know this: If a bill mes to my desk with earmarks inside, I will veto it. I will veto it. The st-century Government that's open and mpetent, a government that lives within its means, an enomy that's driven by new skills and new ideas--our success in this new and changing world will require reform, responsibility, and innovation. It will also require us to approach that world with a new level of engagement in our foreign affairs. Just as jobs and businesses can now race across borders, so can new threats and new challenges. No single wall separates East and West. No one rival superpower is aligned against us. And so we must defeat determined enemies, wherever they are, and build alitions that cut across lines of region and race and religion. And America's moral example must always shine for all who yearn for freedom and justice and dignity. And because we've begun this work, tonight we can say that American leadership has been renewed and America's standing has been restored. Look to Iraq, where nearly , of our brave men and women have left with their heads held high. American mbat patrols have ended, violence is down, and a new Government has been formed. This year, our civilians will forge a lasting partnership with the Iraqi people, while we finish the job of bringing our troops out of Iraq. America's mmitment has been kept. The Iraq war is ming to an end. Of urse, as we speak, Al Qaida and their affiliates ntinue to plan attacks against us. Thanks to our intelligence and law enforcement professionals, we're disrupting plots and securing our cities and skies. And as extremists try to inspire acts of violence within our borders, we are responding with the strength of our mmunities, with respect for the rule of law, and with the nviction that American Muslims are a part of our American family. We've also taken the fight to Al Qaida and their allies abroad. In Afghanistan, our troops have taken Taliban strongholds and trained Afghan security forces. Our purpose is clear: By preventing the Taliban from reestablishing a stranglehold over the Afghan people, we will deny Al Qaida the safe haven that served as a launching pad for /. Thanks to our heroic troops and civilians, fewer Afghans are under the ntrol of the insurgency. There will be tough fighting ahead, and the Afghan Government will need to deliver better governance. But we are strengthening the capacity of the Afghan people and building an enduring partnership with them. This year, we will work with nearly untries to begin a transition to an Afghan lead, and this July, we will begin to bring our troops home. In Pakistan, Al Qaida's leadership is under more pressure than at any point since . Their leaders and operatives are being removed from the battlefield. Their safe havens are shrinking. And we've sent a message from the Afghan border to the Arabian Peninsula to all parts of the globe: We will not relent, we will not waver, and we will defeat you. American leadership can also be seen in the effort to secure the worst weapons of war. Because Republicans and Democrats approved the new START Treaty, far fewer nuclear weapons and launchers will be deployed. Because we rallied the world, nuclear materials are being locked down on every ntinent so they never fall into the hands of terrorists. Because of a diplomatic effort to insist that Iran meet its obligations, the Iranian Government now faces tougher sanctions, tighter sanctions than ever before. And on the Korean Peninsula, we stand with our ally South Korea and insist that North Korea keeps its mmitment to abandon nuclear weapons. This is just a part of how we're shaping a world that favors peace and prosperity. With our European allies, we revitalized NATO and increased our operation on everything from unterterrorism to missile defense. We've reset our relationship with Russia, strengthened Asian alliances, built new partnerships with nations like India. This March, I will travel to Brazil, Chile, and El Salvador to forge new alliances across the Americas. Around the globe, we're standing with those who take responsibility, helping farmers grow more food, supporting doctors who care for the sick, and mbating the rruption that can rot a society and rob people of opportunity. Recent events have shown us that what sets us apart must not just be our power; it must also be the purpose behind it. In south Sudan--with our assistance--the people were finally able to vote for independence after years of war. Thousands lined up before dawn. People danced in the streets. One man who lost four of his brothers at war summed up the scene around him. This was a battlefield for most of my life," he said. Now we want to be free." And we saw that same desire to be free in Tunisia, where the will of the people proved more powerful than the writ of a dictator. And tonight let us be clear: The United States of America stands with the people of Tunisia and supports the democratic aspirations of all people. We must never forget that the things we've struggled for and fought for live in the hearts of people everywhere. And we must always remember that the Americans who have borne the greatest burden in this struggle are the men and women who serve our untry. Tonight let us speak with one voice in reaffirming that our Nation is united in support of our troops and their families. Let us serve them as well as they've served us, by giving them the equipment they need, by providing them with the care and benefits that they have earned, and by enlisting our veterans in the great task of building our own Nation. Our troops me from every rner of this untry. They're Black, White, Latino, Asian, Native American. They are Christian and Hindu, Jewish and Muslim. And yes, we know that some of them are gay. Starting this year, no American will be forbidden from serving the untry they love because of who they love. And with that change, I call on all our llege campuses to open their doors to our military recruiters and ROTC. It is time to leave behind the divisive battles of the past. It is time to move forward as one Nation. We should have no illusions about the work ahead of us. Reforming our schools, changing the way we use energy, reducing our deficit, none of this will be easy. All of it will take time. And it will be harder because we will argue about everything: the sts, the details, the letter of every law. Of urse, some untries don't have this problem. If the central government wants a railroad, they build a railroad, no matter how many homes get bulldozed. If they don't want a bad story in the newspaper, it doesn't get written. And yet, as ntentious and frustrating and messy as our democracy can sometimes be, I know there isn't a person here who would trade places with any other nation on Earth. We may have differences in policy, but we all believe in the rights enshrined in our Constitution. We may have different opinions, but we believe in the same promise that says this is a place where you can make it if you try. We may have different backgrounds, but we believe in the same dream that says this is a untry where anything is possible, no matter who you are, no matter where you me from. That dream is why I can stand here before you tonight. That dream is why a working class kid from Scranton can sit behind me. Laughter] That dream is why someone who began by sweeping the floors of his father's Cincinnati bar can preside as Speaker of the House in the greatest nation on Earth. That dream--that American Dream--is what drove the Allen Brothers to reinvent their roofing mpany for a new era. It's what drove those students at Forsyth Tech to learn a new skill and work towards the future. And that dream is the story of a small-business owner named Brandon Fisher. Brandon started a mpany in Berlin, Pennsylvania, that specializes in a new kind of drilling technology. And one day last summer, he saw the news that halfway across the world, men were trapped in a Chilean mine, and no one knew how to save them. But Brandon thought his mpany uld help. And so he designed a rescue that would me to be known as Plan B. His employees worked around the clock to manufacture the necessary drilling equipment, and Brandon left for Chile. Along with others, he began drilling a ,-foot hole into the ground, working or hour-- or days at a time without any sleep. Thirty-seven days later, Plan B succeeded and the miners were rescued. But because he didn't want all of the attention, Brandon wasn't there when the miners emerged. He'd already gone back home, back to work on his next project. And later, one of his employees said of the rescue, We proved that Center Rock is a little mpany, but we do big things." We do big things. From the earliest days of our founding, America has been the story of ordinary people who dare to dream. That's how we win the future. We're a nation that says, I might not have a lot of money, but I have this great idea for a new mpany." I might not me from a family of llege graduates, but I will be the first to get my degree." I might not know those people in trouble, but I think I can help them, and I need to try." I'm not sure how we'll reach that better place beyond the horizon, but I know we'll get there. I know we will." We do big things. The idea of America endures. Our destiny remains our choice. And tonight, more than two centuries later, it's because of our people that our future is hopeful, our journey goes forward, and the state of our Union is strong. Thank you. God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America. It's tempting to look back on these moments and assume that our progress was inevitable, that America was always destined to succeed. But when the Union was turned back at Bull Run and the Allies first landed at Omaha Beach, victory was very much in doubt. When the market crashed on Black Tuesday and marchers were beaten on Bloody Sunday, the future was anything but certain. These were the times that tested the urage of our nvictions and the strength of our Union. And despite all our divisions and disagreements, our hesitations and our fears, America prevailed because we chose to move forward as one Nation, as one people. Again, we are tested. And again, we must answer history's call. One year ago, I took office amid two wars, an enomy rocked by a severe recession, a financial system on the verge of llapse, and a Government deeply in debt. Experts from across the political spectrum warned that if we did not act, we might face a send depression. So we acted, immediately and aggressively. And year later, the worst of the storm has passed. But the devastation remains. One in Americans still cannot find work. Many businesses have shuttered. Home values have declined. Small towns and rural mmunities have been hit especially hard. And for those who'd already known poverty, life's beme that much harder. This recession has also mpounded the burdens that America's families have been dealing with for decades: the burden of working harder and longer for less, of being unable to save enough to retire or help kids with llege. So I know the anxieties that are out there right now. They're not new. These struggles are the reason I ran for President. These struggles are what I've witnessed for years, in places like Elkhart, Indiana; Galesburg, Illinois. I hear about them in the letters that I read each night. The toughest to read are those written by children asking why they have to move from their home, asking when their mom or dad will be able to go back to work. For these Americans and so many others, change has not me fast enough. Some are frustrated, some are angry. They don't understand why it seems like bad behavior on Wall Street is rewarded, but hard work on Main Street isn't, or why Washington has been unable or unwilling to solve any of our problems. They're tired of the partisanship and the shouting and the pettiness. They know we can't afford it. Not now. So we face big and difficult challenges. And what the American people hope, what they deserve, is for all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to work through our differences, to overme the numbing weight of our politics. For while the people who sent us here have different backgrounds, different stories, different beliefs, the anxieties they face are the same. The aspirations they hold are shared: a job that pays the bills, a chance to get ahead, most of all, the ability to give their children a better life. And you know what else they share? They share a stubborn resilience in the face of adversity. After one of the most difficult years in our history, they remain busy building cars and teaching kids, starting businesses and going back to school. They're aching Little League and helping their neighbors. One woman wrote to me and said, We are strained but hopeful, struggling but enuraged." It's because of this spirit, this great decency and great strength, that I have never been more hopeful about America's future than I am tonight. Despite our hardships, our Union is strong. We do not give up. We do not quit. We do not allow fear or division to break our spirit. In this new decade, it's time the American people get a Government that matches their decency, that embodies their strength. And tonight I'd like to talk about how together we can deliver on that promise. It begins with our enomy. Our most urgent task upon taking office was to shore up the same banks that helped cause this crisis. It was not easy to do. And if there's one thing that has unified Democrats and Republicans and everybody in between, it's that we all hated the bank bailout. I hated it. I hated it; you hated it. It was about as popular as a root canal. Laughter] But when I ran for President, I promised I wouldn't just do what was popular; I would do what was necessary. And if we had allowed the meltdown of the financial system, unemployment might be double what it is today. More businesses would certainly have closed. More homes would have surely been lost. So I supported the last administration's efforts to create the financial rescue program. And when we took that program over, we made it more transparent and more acuntable. And as a result, the markets are now stabilized, and we've revered most of the money we spent on the banks--most but not all. To rever the rest, I've proposed a fee on the biggest banks. Now, I know Wall Street isn't keen on this idea. But if these firms can afford to hand out big bonuses again, they can afford a modest fee to pay back the taxpayers who rescued them in their time of need. Now, as we stabilized the financial system, we also took steps to get our enomy growing again, save as many jobs as possible, and help Americans who had beme unemployed. That's why we extended or increased unemployment benefits for more than million Americans, made health insurance percent cheaper for families who get their verage through COBRA, and passed different tax cuts. Now, let me repeat: We cut taxes. We cut taxes for percent of working families. We cut taxes for small businesses. We cut taxes for first-time home buyers. We cut taxes for parents trying to care for their children. We cut taxes for million Americans paying for llege. Applause] I thought I'd get some applause on that one. Laughter] As a result, millions of Americans had more to spend on gas and food and other necessities, all of which helped businesses keep more workers. And we haven't raised inme taxes by a single dime on a single person--not a single dime. Now, because of the steps we took, there are about million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed. Two hundred thousand work in nstruction and clean energy. Three hundred thousand are teachers and other education workers. Tens of thousands are ps, firefighters, rrectional officers, first-responders. And we're on track to add another / million jobs to this total by the end of the year. The plan that has made all of this possible, from the tax cuts to the jobs, is the Revery Act. That's right, the Revery Act, also known as the stimulus bill. Enomists on the left and the right say this bill has helped save jobs and avert disaster. But you don't have to take their word for it. Talk to the small business in Phoenix that will triple its workforce because of the Revery Act. Talk to the window manufacturer in Philadelphia who said he used to be skeptical about the Revery Act, until he had to add two more work shifts just because of the business it created. Talk to the single teacher raising two kids who was told by her principal in the last week of school that because of the Revery Act, she wouldn't be laid off after all. There are stories like this all across America. And after years of recession, the enomy is growing again. Retirement funds have started to gain back some of their value. Businesses are beginning to invest again, and slowly some are starting to hire again. But I realize that for every success story, there are other stories, of men and women who wake up with the anguish of not knowing where their next paycheck will me from, who send out resumes week after week and hear nothing in response. That is why jobs must be our number-one focus in , and that's why I'm calling for a new jobs bill tonight. Now, the true engine of job creation in this untry will always be America's businesses. Applause] I agree, absolutely. But Government can create the nditions necessary for businesses to expand and hire more workers. We should start where most new jobs do, in small businesses, mpanies that begin when an entrepreneur takes a chance on a dream or a worker decides it's time she became her own boss. Through sheer grit and determination, these mpanies have weathered the recession, and they're ready to grow. But when you talk to small-business owners in places like Allentown, Pennsylvania, or Elyria, Ohio, you find out that even though banks on Wall Street are lending again, they're mostly lending to bigger mpanies. Financing remains difficult for small-business owners across the untry, even those that are making a profit. So tonight I'm proposing that we take billion of the money Wall Street banks have repaid and use it to help mmunity banks give small businesses the credit they need to stay afloat. I'm also proposing a new small business tax credit, one that will go to over million small businesses who hire new workers or raise wages. While we're at it, let's also eliminate all capital gains taxes on small-business investment and provide a tax incentive for all large businesses and all small businesses to invest in new plants and equipment. Next, we can put Americans to work today building the infrastructure of tomorrow. From the first railroads to the Interstate Highway System, our Nation has always been built to mpete. There's no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains or the new factories that manufacture clean energy products. Tomorrow I'll visit Tampa, Florida, where workers will soon break ground on a new high-speed railroad funded by the Revery Act. There are projects like that all across this untry that will create jobs and help move our Nation's goods, services, and information. We should put more Americans to work building clean energy facilities and give rebates to Americans who make their homes more energy efficient, which supports clean energy jobs. And to enurage these and other businesses to stay within our borders, it is time to finally slash the tax breaks for mpanies that ship our jobs overseas and give those tax breaks to mpanies that create jobs right here in the United States of America. Now, the House has passed a jobs bill that includes some of these steps. As the first order of business this year, I urge the Senate to do the same, and I know they will. They will. People are out of work. They're hurting. They need our help. And I want a jobs bill on my desk without delay. But the truth is, these steps won't make up for the million jobs that we've lost over the last years. The only way to move to full employment is to lay a new foundation for long-term enomic growth and finally address the problems that America's families have nfronted for years. We can't afford another so-called enomic expansion like the one from the last decade, what some call the lost decade," where jobs grew more slowly than during any prior expansion, where the inme of the average American household declined while the st of health care and tuition reached rerd highs, where prosperity was built on a housing bubble and financial speculation. From the day I took office, I've been told that addressing our larger challenges is too ambitious; such an effort would be too ntentious. I've been told that our political system is too gridlocked and that we should just put things on hold for a while. For those who make these claims, I have one simple question: How long should we wait? How long should America put its future on hold? You see, Washington has been telling us to wait for decades, even as the problems have grown worse. Meanwhile, China's not waiting to revamp its enomy. Germany's not waiting. India's not waiting. These nations are--they're not standing still. These nations aren't playing for send place. They're putting more emphasis on math and science. They're rebuilding their infrastructure. They're making serious investments in clean energy because they want those jobs. Well, I do not accept send place for the United States of America. As hard as it may be, as unmfortable and ntentious as the debates may beme, it's time to get serious about fixing the problems that are hampering our growth. Now, one place to start is serious financial reform. Look, I am not interested in punishing banks. I'm interested in protecting our enomy. A strong, healthy financial market makes it possible for businesses to access credit and create new jobs. It channels the savings of families into investments that raise inmes. But that can only happen if we guard against the same recklessness that nearly brought down our entire enomy. We need to make sure nsumers and middle class families have the information they need to make financial decisions. We can't allow financial institutions, including those that take your deposits, to take risks that threaten the whole enomy. Now, the House has already passed financial reform with many of these changes, and the lobbyists are trying to kill it. But we cannot let them win this fight. And if the bill that ends up on my desk does not meet the test of real reform, I will send it back until we get it right. We've got to get it right. Next, we need to enurage American innovation. Last year, we made the largest investment in basic research funding in history, an investment that uld lead to the world's cheapest solar cells or treatment that kills cancer cells, but leaves healthy ones untouched. And no area is more ripe for such innovation than energy. You can see the results of last year's investments in clean energy in the North Carolina mpany that will create , jobs nationwide helping to make advanced batteries or in the California business that will put a thousand people to work making solar panels. But to create more of these clean energy jobs, we need more production, more efficiency, more incentives. And that means building a new generation of safe, clean nuclear power plants in this untry. It means making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development. It means ntinued investment in advanced biofuels and clean al technologies. And yes, it means passing a mprehensive energy and climate bill with incentives that will finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy in America. Now, I am grateful to the House for passing such a bill last year. And this year, I'm eager to help advance the bipartisan effort in the Senate. I know there have been questions about whether we can afford such changes in a tough enomy. I know that there are those who disagree with the overwhelming scientific evidence on climate change. But here's the thing: Even if you doubt the evidence, providing incentives for energy efficiency and clean energy are the right thing to do for our future, because the nation that leads the clean energy enomy will be the nation that leads the global enomy. And America must be that nation. Third, we need to export more of our goods, because the more products we make and sell to other untries, the more jobs we support right here in America. So tonight we set a new goal: We will double our exports over the next years, an increase that will support million jobs in America. To help meet this goal, we're launching a National Export Initiative that will help farmers and small businesses increase their exports and reform export ntrols nsistent with national security. We have to seek new markets aggressively, just as our mpetitors are. If America sits on the sidelines while other nations sign trade deals, we will lose the chance to create jobs on our shores. But realizing those benefits also means enforcing those agreements so our trading partners play by the rules. And that's why we'll ntinue to shape a Doha trade agreement that opens global markets and why we will strengthen our trade relations in Asia and with key partners like South Korea and Panama and Colombia. Fourth, we need to invest in the skills and education of our people. Now, this year, we've broken through the stalemate between left and right by launching a national mpetition to improve our schools. And the idea here is simple: Instead of rewarding failure, we only reward success. Instead of funding the status quo, we only invest in reform, reform that raises student achievement, inspires students to excel in math and science, and turns around failing schools that steal the future of too many young Americans, from rural mmunities to the inner city. In the st century, the best antipoverty program around is a world-class education. And in this untry, the success of our children cannot depend more on where they live than on their potential. When we renew the Elementary and Sendary Education Act, we will work with Congress to expand these reforms to all States. Still, in this enomy, a high school diploma no longer guarantees a good job. That's why I urge the Senate to follow the House and pass a bill that will revitalize our mmunity lleges, which are a career pathway to the children of so many working families. To make llege more affordable, this bill will finally end the unwarranted taxpayer subsidies that go to banks for student loans. Instead, let's take that money and give families a , tax credit for years of llege and increase Pell grants. And let's tell another million students that when they graduate, they will be required to pay only percent of their inme on student loans and all of their debt will be forgiven after years and forgiven after years if they choose a career in public service, because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they chose to go to llege. And by the way, it's time for lleges and universities to get serious about cutting their own sts, because they too have a responsibility to help solve this problem. Now, the price of llege tuition is just one of the burdens facing the middle class. That's why last year, I asked Vice President Biden to chair a task force on middle class families. That's why we're nearly doubling the childcare tax credit and making it easier to save for retirement by giving access to every worker a retirement acunt and expanding the tax credit for those who start a nest egg. That's why we're working to lift the value of a family's single largest investment, their home. The steps we took last year to shore up the housing market have allowed millions of Americans to take out new loans and save an average of , on mortgage payments. This year, we will step up refinancing so that homeowners can move into more affordable mortgages. And it is precisely to relieve the burden on middle class families that we still need health insurance reform. Yes, we do. Now, let's clear a few things up. I didn't choose to tackle this issue to get some legislative victory under my belt. And by now it should be fairly obvious that I didn't take on health care because it was good politics. Laughter] I took on health care because of the stories I've heard from Americans with preexisting nditions whose lives depend on getting verage, patients who've been denied verage, families, even those with insurance, who are just one illness away from financial ruin. After nearly a century of trying--Democratic administrations, Republican administrations--we are closer than ever to bringing more security to the lives of so many Americans. The approach we've taken would protect every American from the worst practices of the insurance industry. It would give small businesses and uninsured Americans a chance to choose an affordable health care plan in a mpetitive market. It would require every insurance plan to ver preventive care. And by the way, I want to acknowledge our First Lady, Michelle Obama, who this year is creating a national movement to tackle the epidemic of childhood obesity and make kids healthier. Applause] Thank you, honey. She gets embarrassed. Laughter] Our approach would preserve the right of Americans who have insurance to keep their doctor and their plan. It would reduce sts and premiums for millions of families and businesses. And acrding to the Congressional Budget Office, the independent organization that both parties have cited as the official srekeeper for Congress, our approach would bring down the deficit by as much as trillion over the next two decades. Still, this is a mplex issue, and the longer it was debated, the more skeptical people became. I take my share of the blame for not explaining it more clearly to the American people. And I know that with all the lobbying and horse-trading, the process left most Americans wondering, What's in it for me?" But I also know this problem is not going away. By the time I'm finished speaking tonight, more Americans will have lost their health insurance. Millions will lose it this year. Our deficit will grow. Premiums will go up. Patients will be denied the care they need. Small-business owners will ntinue to drop verage altogether. I will not walk away from these Americans, and neither should the people in this Chamber. So as temperatures ol, I want everyone to take another look at the plan we've proposed. There's a reason why many doctors, nurses, and health care experts who know our system best nsider this approach a vast improvement over the status quo. But if anyone from either party has a better approach that will bring down premiums, bring down the deficit, ver the uninsured, strengthen Medicare for seniors, and stop insurance mpany abuses, let me know. Let me know. Let me know. I'm eager to see it. Here's what I ask Congress, though: Don't walk away from reform. Not now. Not when we are so close. Let us find a way to me together and finish the job for the American people. Let's get it done. Let's get it done. Now, even as health care reform would reduce our deficit, it's not enough to dig us out of a massive fiscal hole in which we find ourselves. It's a challenge that makes all others that much harder to solve and one that's been subject to a lot of political posturing. So let me start the discussion of Government spending by setting the rerd straight. At the beginning of the last decade, the year , America had a budget surplus of over billion. By the time I took office, we had a -year deficit of over trillion and projected deficits of trillion over the next decade. Most of this was the result of not paying for two wars, two tax cuts, and an expensive prescription drug program. On top of that, the effects of the recession put a trillion hole in our budget. All this was before I walked in the door. Laughter] Now--[applause]--just stating the facts. Now, if we had taken office in ordinary times, I would have liked nothing more than to start bringing down the deficit. But we took office amid a crisis. And our efforts to prevent a send depression have added another trillion to our national debt. That too is a fact. I'm absolutely nvinced that was the right thing to do. But families across the untry are tightening their belts and making tough decisions. The Federal Government should do the same. So tonight I'm proposing specific steps to pay for the trillion dollars that it took to rescue the enomy last year. Starting in , we are prepared to freeze Government spending for years. Spending related to our national security, Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security will not be affected. But all other discretionary Government programs will. Like any cash-strapped family, we will work within a budget to invest in what we need and sacrifice what we don't. And if I have to enforce this discipline by veto, I will. We will ntinue to go through the budget, line by line, page by page, to eliminate programs that we can't afford and don't work. We've already identified billion in savings for next year. To help working families, we'll extend our middle class tax cuts. But at a time of rerd deficits, we will not ntinue tax cuts for oil mpanies, for investment fund managers, and for those making over , a year. We just can't afford it. Now, even after paying for what we spent on my watch, we'll still face the massive deficit we had when I took office. More importantly, the st of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security will ntinue to skyrocket. That's why I've called for a bipartisan fiscal mmission, modeled on a proposal by Republican Judd Gregg and Democrat Kent Conrad. This can't be one of those Washington gimmicks that lets us pretend we solve a problem. The mmission will have to provide a specific set of solutions by a certain deadline. Now, yesterday the Senate blocked a bill that would have created this mmission, so I'll issue an Executive order that will allow us to go forward, because I refuse to pass this problem on to another generation of Americans. And when the vote mes tomorrow, the Senate should restore the pay-as-you-go law that was a big reason for why we had rerd surpluses in the s. Now, I know that some in my own party will argue that we can't address the deficit or freeze Government spending when so many are still hurting. And I agree, which is why this freeze won't take effect until next year, when the enomy is stronger. That's how budgeting works. Laughter] But understand, if we don't take meaningful steps to rein in our debt, it uld damage our markets, increase the st of borrowing, and jeopardize our revery, all of which would have an even worse effect on our job growth and family inmes. From some on the right, I expect we'll hear a different argument, that if we just make fewer investments in our people, extend tax cuts, including those for the wealthier Americans, eliminate more regulations, maintain the status quo on health care, our deficits will go away. The problem is, that's what we did for years. That's what helped us into this crisis. It's what helped lead to these deficits. We can't do it again. Rather than fight the same tired battles that have dominated Washington for decades, it's time to try something new. Let's invest in our people without leaving them a mountain of debt. Let's meet our responsibility to the citizens who sent us here. Let's try mmon sense--[Laughter]--a novel ncept. Now, to do that, we have to regnize that we face more than a deficit of dollars right now. We face a deficit of trust, deep and rrosive doubts about how Washington works that have been growing for years. To close that credibility gap, we have to take action on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue to end the outsized influence of lobbyists, to do our work openly, to give our people the Government they deserve. Now, that's what I came to Washington to do. That's why, for the first time in history, my administration posts on--our White House visitors online. That's why we've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs or seats on Federal boards and mmissions. But we can't stop there. It's time to require lobbyists to disclose each ntact they make on behalf of a client, with my administration or with Congress. It's time to put strict limits on the ntributions that lobbyists give to candidates for Federal office. With all due deference to separation of powers, last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests, including foreign rporations, to spend without limit in our elections. I don't think American elections should be bankrolled by America's most powerful interests, or worse, by foreign entities. They should be decided by the American people. And I'd urge Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps rrect some of these problems. I'm also calling on Congress to ntinue down the path of earmark reform, Democrats and Republicans--Democrats and Republicans. Look, you've trimmed some of this spending, you've embraced some meaningful change, but restoring the public trust demands more. For example, some Members of Congress post some earmark requests online. Tonight I'm calling on Congress to publish all earmark requests on a single web site before there's a vote so that the American people can see how their money is being spent. Of urse, none of these reforms will even happen if we don't also reform how we work with one another. Now, I'm not naive. I never thought that the mere fact of my election would usher in peace and harmony and--[Laughter]--some postpartisan era. I knew that both parties have fed divisions that are deeply entrenched. And on some issues, there are simply philosophical differences that will always cause us to part ways. These disagreements, about the role of government in our lives, about our national priorities and our national security, they've been taking place for over years. They're the very essence of our democracy. But what frustrates the American people is a Washington where every day is election day. We can't wage a perpetual campaign where the only goal is to see who can get the most embarrassing headlines about the other side, a belief that if you lose, I win. Neither party should delay or obstruct every single bill just because they can. The nfirmation of--I'm speaking to both parties now--the nfirmation of well-qualified public servants shouldn't be held hostage to the pet projects or grudges of a few individual Senators. Washington may think that saying anything about the other side, no matter how false, no matter how malicious, is just part of the game. But it's precisely such politics that has stopped either party from helping the American people. Worse yet, it's sowing further division among our citizens, further distrust in our Government. So no, I will not give up on trying to change the tone of our politics. I know it's an election year. And after last week, it's clear that campaign fever has me even earlier than usual. But we still need to govern. To Democrats, I would remind you that we still have the largest majority in decades and the people expect us to solve problems, not run for the hills. And if the Republican leadership is going to insist that votes in the Senate are required to do any business at all in this town--a supermajority--then the responsibility to govern is now yours as well. Just saying no to everything may be good short-term politics, but it's not leadership. We were sent here to serve our citizens, not our ambitions. So let's show the American people that we can do it together. This week, I'll be addressing a meeting of the House Republicans. I'd like to begin monthly meetings with both Democratic and Republican leadership. I know you can't wait. Laughter] Now, throughout our history, no issue has united this untry more than our security. Sadly, some of the unity we felt after / has dissipated. And we can argue all we want about who's to blame for this, but I'm not interested in relitigating the past. I know that all of us love this untry. All of us are mmitted to its defense. So let's put aside the schoolyard taunts about who's tough. Let's reject the false choice between protecting our people and upholding our values. Let's leave behind the fear and division and do what it takes to defend our Nation and forge a more hopeful future for America and for the world. That's the work we began last year. Since the day I took office, we've renewed our focus on the terrorists who threaten our Nation. We've made substantial investments in our homeland security and disrupted plots that threatened to take American lives. We are filling unacceptable gaps revealed by the failed Christmas attack, with better airline security and swifter action on our intelligence. We've prohibited torture and strengthened partnerships from the Pacific to South Asia to the Arabian Peninsula. And in the last year, hundreds of Al Qaida's fighters and affiliates, including many senior leaders, have been captured or killed, far more than in . And in Afghanistan, we're increasing our troops and training Afghan security forces so they can begin to take the lead in July of and our troops can begin to me home. We will reward good governance, work to reduce rruption, and support the rights of all Afghans, men and women alike. We're joined by allies and partners who have increased their own mmitments and who will me together tomorrow in London to reaffirm our mmon purpose. There will be difficult days ahead, but I am absolutely nfident we will succeed. As we take the fight to Al Qaida, we are responsibly leaving Iraq to its people. As a candidate, I promised that I would end this war, and that is what I am doing as President. We will have all of our mbat troops out of Iraq by the end of this August. We will support the Iraqi Government as they hold elections, and we will ntinue to partner with the Iraqi people to promote regional peace and prosperity. But make no mistake: This war is ending, and all of our troops are ming home. Tonight all of our men and women in uniform, in Iraq, in Afghanistan, and around the world, they have to know that we--that they have our respect, our gratitude, our full support. And just as they must have the resources they need in war, we all have a responsibility to support them when they me home. That's why we made the largest increase in investments for veterans in decades last year. That's why we're building a st-century VA. And that's why Michelle has joined with Jill Biden to forge a national mmitment to support military families. Now, even as we prosecute two wars, we're also nfronting perhaps the greatest danger to the American people, the threat of nuclear weapons. I've embraced the vision of John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan through a strategy that reverses the spread of these weapons and seeks a world without them. To reduce our stockpiles and launchers, while ensuring our deterrent, the United States and Russia are mpleting negotiations on the farthest reaching arms ntrol treaty in nearly two decades. And at April's Nuclear Security Summit, we will bring nations together here in Washington, DC, behind a clear goal: securing all vulnerable nuclear materials around the world in years so that they never fall into the hands of terrorists. Now, these diplomatic efforts have also strengthened our hand in dealing with those nations that insist on violating international agreements in pursuit of nuclear weapons. That's why North Korea now faces increased isolation and stronger sanctions, sanctions that are being vigorously enforced. That's why the international mmunity is more united and the Islamic Republic of Iran is more isolated. And as Iran's leaders ntinue to ignore their obligations, there should be no doubt: They too will face growing nsequences. That is a promise. That's the leadership we are providing: engagement that advances the mmon security and prosperity of all people. We're working through the G- to sustain a lasting global revery. We're working with Muslim mmunities around the world to promote science and education and innovation. We have gone from a bystander to a leader in the fight against climate change. We're helping developing untries to feed themselves and ntinuing the fight against HIV/AIDS. And we are launching a new initiative that will give us the capacity to respond faster and more effectively to bioterrorism or an infectious disease, a plan that will unter threats at home and strengthen public health abroad. As we have for over years, America takes these actions because our destiny is nnected to those beyond our shores. But we also do it because it is right. That's why, as we meet here tonight, over , Americans are working with many nations to help the people of Haiti rever and rebuild. That's why we stand with the girl who yearns to go to school in Afghanistan, why we support the human rights of the women marching through the streets of Iran, why we advocate for the young man denied a job by rruption in Guinea. For America must always stand on the side of freedom and human dignity--always. Abroad, America's greatest source of strength has always been our ideals. The same is true at home. We find unity in our incredible diversity, drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution: The notion that we're all created equal; that no matter who you are or what you look like, if you abide by the law, you should be protected by it; if you adhere to our mmon values, you should be treated no different than anyone else. We must ntinually renew this promise. My administration has a Division that is once again prosecuting violations and employment discrimination. We finally strengthened our laws to protect against crimes driven by hate. This year, I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the untry they love because of who they are. It's the right thing to do. We're going to crack down on violations of equal pay laws so that women get equal pay for an equal day's work. And we should ntinue the work of fixing our broken immigration system, to secure our borders and enforce our laws and ensure that everyone who plays by the rules can ntribute to our enomy and enrich our Nation. In the end, it's our ideals, our values that built America, values that allowed us to forge a nation made up of immigrants from every rner of the globe, values that drive our citizens still. Every day, Americans meet their responsibilities to their families and their employers. Time and again, they lend a hand to their neighbors and give back to their untry. They take pride in their labor and are generous in spirit. These aren't Republican values or Democratic values that they're living by, business values or labor values, they're American values. Unfortunately, too many of our citizens have lost faith that our biggest institutions--our rporations, our media, and, yes, our Government--still reflect these same values. Each of these institutions are full of honorable men and women doing important work that helps our untry prosper. But each time a CEO rewards himself for failure or a banker puts the rest of us at risk for his own selfish gain, people's doubts grow. Each time lobbyists game the system or politicians tear each other down instead of lifting this untry up, we lose faith. The more that TV pundits reduce serious debates to silly arguments, big issues into sound bites, our citizens turn away. No wonder there's so much cynicism out there. No wonder there's so much disappointment. I campaigned on the promise of change. Change we can believe in, the slogan went. And right now I know there are many Americans who aren't sure if they still believe we can change or that I can deliver it. But remember this: I never suggested that change would be easy or that I uld do it alone. Democracy in a nation of million people can be noisy and messy and mplicated. And when you try to do big things and make big changes, it stirs passions and ntroversy. That's just how it is. Those of us in public office can respond to this reality by playing it safe and avoid telling hard truths and pointing fingers. We can do what's necessary to keep our poll numbers high and get through the next election, instead of doing what's best for the next generation. But I also know this: If people had made that decision years ago or years ago or years ago, we wouldn't be here tonight. The only reason we are here is because generations of Americans were unafraid to do what was hard, to do what was needed even when success was uncertain, to do what it took to keep the dream of this Nation alive for their children and their grandchildren. Now, our administration has had some political setbacks this year, and some of them were deserved. But I wake up every day knowing that they are nothing mpared to the setbacks that families all across this untry have faced this year. And what keeps me going, what keeps me fighting, is that despite all these setbacks, that spirit of determination and optimism, that fundamental decency that has always been at the re of the American people, that lives on. It lives on in the struggling small-business owner who wrote to me of his mpany, None of us," he said, . are willing to nsider, even slightly, that we might fail." It lives on in the woman who said that even though she and her neighbors have felt the pain of recession, We are strong. We are resilient. We are American." It lives on in the -year-old boy in Louisiana who just sent me his allowance and asked if I would give it to the people of Haiti. And it lives on in all the Americans who've dropped everything to go someplace they've never been and pull people they've never known from the rubble, prompting chants of U.S.A. U.S.A. U.S.A." when another life was saved. The spirit that has sustained this Nation for more than two centuries lives on in you, its people. We have finished a difficult year. We have me through a difficult decade. But a new year has me. A new decade stretches before us. We don't quit. I don't quit. Let's seize this moment to start anew, to carry the dream forward, and to strengthen our Union once more. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. All of us were sent to Washington to carry out the people's business. That is the purpose of this body. It is the meaning of our oath. It remains our charge to keep. The actions of the th Congress will affect the security and prosperity of our Nation long after this session has ended. In this election year, let us show our fellow Americans that we regnize our responsibilities and are determined to meet them. Let us show them that Republicans and Democrats can mpete for votes and operate for results at the same time. From expanding opportunity to protecting our untry, we've made good progress. Yet we have unfinished business before us, and the American people expect us to get it done. In the work ahead, we must be guided by the philosophy that made our Nation great. As Americans, we believe in the power of individuals to determine their destiny and shape the urse of history. We believe that the most reliable guide for our untry is the llective wisdom of ordinary citizens. And so in all we do, we must trust in the ability of free peoples to make wise decisions and empower them to improve their lives for their futures. To build a prosperous future, we must trust people with their own money and empower them to grow our enomy. As we meet tonight, our enomy is undergoing a period of uncertainty. America has added jobs for a rerd straight months, but jobs are now growing at a slower pace. Wages are up, but so are prices for food and gas. Exports are rising, but the housing market has declined. At kitchen tables across our untry, there is a ncern about our enomic future. In the long run, Americans can be nfident about our enomic growth. But in the short run, we can all see that that growth is slowing. So last week, my administration reached agreement with Speaker Pelosi and Republican Leader Boehner on a robust growth package that includes tax relief for individuals and families and incentives for business investment. The temptation will be to load up the bill. That would delay it or derail it, and neither option is acceptable. This is a good agreement that will keep our enomy growing and our people working, and this Congress must pass it as soon as possible. We have other work to do on taxes. Unless Congress acts, most of the tax relief we've delivered over the past years will be taken away. Some in Washington argue that letting tax relief expire is not a tax increase. Try explaining that to million American taxpayers who would see their taxes rise by an average of ,. Others have said they would personally be happy to pay higher taxes. I welme their enthusiasm. I'm pleased to report that the IRS accepts both checks and money orders. Laughter] Most Americans think their taxes are high enough. With all the other pressures on their finances, American families should not have to worry about their Federal Government taking a bigger bite out of their paychecks. There's only one way to eliminate this uncertainty: Make the tax relief permanent. And Members of Congress should know, if any bill raises taxes reaches my desk, I will veto it. Just as we trust Americans with their own money, we need to earn their trust by spending their tax dollars wisely. Next week, I'll send you a budget that terminates or substantially reduces wasteful or bloated programs, totaling more than billion. The budget that I will submit will keep America on track for a surplus in . American families have to balance their budgets; so should their Government. The people's trust in their Government is undermined by ngressional earmarks, special interest projects that are often snuck in at the last minute, without discussion or debate. Last year, I asked you to voluntarily cut the number and st of earmarks in half. I also asked you to stop slipping earmarks into mmittee reports that never even me to a vote. Unfortunately, neither goal was met. So this time, if you send me an appropriations bill that does not cut the number and st of earmarks in half, I'll send it back to you with my veto. And tomorrow I will issue an Executive order that directs Federal agencies to ignore any future earmark that is not voted on by Congress. If these items are truly worth funding, Congress should debate them in the open and hold a public vote. Our shared responsibilities extend beyond matters of taxes and spending. On housing, we must trust Americans with the responsibility of homeownership and empower them to weather turbulent times in the housing market. My administration brought together the HOPE NOW Alliance, which is helping many struggling homeowners avoid foreclosure. And Congress can help even more. Tonight I ask you to pass legislation to reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, modernize the Federal Housing Administration, and allow State housing agencies to issue tax-free bonds to help homeowners refinance their mortgages. These are difficult times for many American families, and by taking these steps, we can help more of them keep their homes. To build a future of quality health care, we must trust patients and doctors to make medical decisions and empower them with better information and better options. We share a mmon goal: making health care more affordable and accessible for all Americans. The best way to achieve that goal is by expanding nsumer choice, not Government ntrol. So I have proposed ending the bias in the Tax Code against those who do not get their health insurance through their employer. This one reform would put private verage within reach for millions, and I call on the Congress to pass it this year. Congress must also expand health savings acunts, create association health plans for small businesses, promote health information technology, and nfront the epidemic of junk medical lawsuits. With all these steps, we will ensure that decisions about your medical care are made in the privacy of your doctor's office, not in the Halls of Congress. On education, we must trust students to learn, if given the chance, and empower parents to demand results from our schools. In neighborhoods across our untry, there are boys and girls with dreams, and a decent education is their only hope of achieving them. Six years ago, we came together to pass the No Child Left Behind Act, and today, no one can deny its results. Last year, fourth and eighth graders achieved the highest math sres on rerd. Reading sres are on the rise. African American and Hispanic students posted alltime highs. Now we must work together to increase acuntability, add flexibilities for States and districts, reduce the number of high school dropouts, provide extra help for struggling schools. Members of Congress, the No Child Left Behind Act is a bipartisan achievement. It is succeeding, and we owe it to America's children, their parents, and their teachers to strengthen this good law. We must also do more to help children when their schools do not measure up. Thanks to the DC Opportunity Scholarships you approved, more than , of the poorest children in our Nation's Capital have found new hope at a faith-based or other nonpublic school. Sadly, these schools are disappearing at an alarming rate in many of America's inner cities. So I will nvene a White House summit aimed at strengthening these lifelines of learning. And to open the doors of these schools to more children, I ask you to support a new million program called Pell Grants for Kids. We have seen how Pell grants help low-inme llege students realize their full potential. Together, we've expanded the size and reach of these grants. Now let us apply the same spirit to help liberate poor children trapped in failing public schools. On trade, we must trust American workers to mpete with anyone in the world and empower them by opening up new markets overseas. Today, our enomic growth increasingly depends on our ability to sell American goods and crops and services all over the world. So we're working to break down barriers to trade and investment wherever we can. We're working for a successful Doha round of trade talks, and we must mplete a good agreement this year. At the same time, we're pursuing opportunities to open up new markets by passing free trade agreements. I thank the Congress for approving a good agreement with Peru. And now I ask you to approve agreements with Colombia and Panama and South Korea. Many products from these nations now enter America duty free, yet many of our products face steep tariffs in their markets. These agreements will level the playing field. They will give us better access to nearly million customers. They will support good jobs for the finest workers in the world, those whose products say Made in the U.S.A." These agreements also promote America's strategic interests. The first agreement that will me before you is with Colombia, a friend of America that is nfronting violence and terror and fighting drug traffickers. If we fail to pass this agreement, we will embolden the purveyors of false populism in our hemisphere. So we must me together, pass this agreement, and show our neighbors in the region that democracy leads to a better life. Trade brings better jobs and better choices and better prices. Yet for some Americans, trade can mean losing a job, and the Federal Government has a responsibility to help. I ask Congress to reauthorize and reform trade adjustment assistance so we can help these displaced workers learn new skills and find new jobs. To build a future of energy security, we must trust in the creative genius of American researchers and entrepreneurs and empower them to pioneer a new generation of clean energy technology. Our security, our prosperity, and our environment all require reducing our dependence on oil. Last year, I asked you to pass legislation to reduce oil nsumption over the next decade, and you responded. Together, we should take the next steps. Let us fund new technologies that can generate al power while capturing carbon emissions. Let us increase the use of renewable power and emissions-free nuclear power. Let us ntinue investing in advanced battery technology and renewable fuels to power the cars and trucks of the future. Let us create a new international clean technology fund, which will help developing nations like India and China make a greater use of clean energy sources. And let us mplete an international agreement that has the potential to slow, stop, and eventually reverse the growth of greenhouse gases. This agreement will be effective only if it includes mmitments by every major enomy and gives none a free ride. The United States is mmitted to strengthening our energy security and nfronting global climate change. And the best way to meet these goals is for America to ntinue leading the way toward the development of cleaner and more energy efficient technology. To keep America mpetitive into the future, we must trust in the skill of our scientists and engineers and empower them to pursue the breakthroughs of tomorrow. Last year, Congress passed legislation supporting the American Competitiveness Initiative, but never followed through with the funding. This funding is essential to keeping our scientific edge. So I ask Congress to double Federal support for critical basic research in the physical sciences and ensure America remains the most dynamic nation on Earth. On matters of life and science, we must trust in the innovative spirit of medical researchers and empower them to disver new treatments while respecting moral boundaries. In November, we witnessed a landmark achievement when scientists disvered a way to reprogram adult skin cells to act like embryonic stem cells. This breakthrough has the potential to move us beyond the divisive debates of the past by extending the frontiers of medicine without the destruction of human life. So we're expanding funding for this type of ethical medical research. And as we explore promising avenues of research, we must also ensure that all life is treated with the dignity it deserves. And so I call on Congress to pass legislation that bans unethical practices, such as the buying, selling, patenting, or cloning of human life. On matters of justice, we must trust in the wisdom of our Founders and empower judges who understand that the Constitution means what it says. I've submitted judicial nominees who will rule by the letter of the law, not the whim of the gavel. Many of these nominees are being unfairly delayed. They are worthy of nfirmation, and the Senate should give each of them a prompt up-or-down vote. In mmunities across our land, we must trust in the good heart of the American people and empower them to serve their neighbors in need. Over the past years, more of our fellow citizens have disvered that the pursuit of happiness leads to the path of service. Americans have volunteered in rerd numbers. Charitable donations are higher than ever. Faith-based groups are bringing hope to pockets of despair, with newfound support from the Federal Government. And to help guarantee equal treatment of faith-based organizations when they mpete for Federal funds, I ask you to permanently extend charitable choice. Tonight the armies of mpassion ntinue the march to a new day in the Gulf Coast. America honors the strength and resilience of the people of this region. We reaffirm our pledge to help them build stronger and better than before. And tonight I'm pleased to announce that in April, we will host this year's North American Summit of Canada, Mexi, and the United States in the great city of New Orleans. There are two other pressing challenges that I've raised repeatedly before this body and that this body has failed to address: entitlement spending and immigration. Every Member in this Chamber knows that spending on entitlement programs like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid is growing faster than we can afford. We all know the painful choices ahead if America stays on this path: massive tax increases, sudden and drastic cuts in benefits, or crippling deficits. I've laid out proposals to reform these programs. Now I ask Members of Congress to offer your proposals and me up with a bipartisan solution to save these vital programs for our children and our grandchildren. The other pressing challenge is immigration. America needs to secure our borders, and with your help, my administration is taking steps to do so. We're increasing worksite enforcement, deploying fences and advanced technologies to stop illegal crossings. We've effectively ended the policy of catch-and-release at the border, and by the end of this year, we will have doubled the number of Border Patrol agents. Yet we also need to acknowledge that we will never fully secure our border until we create a lawful way for foreign workers to me here and support our enomy. This will take pressure off the border and allow law enforcement to ncentrate on those who mean us harm. We must also find a sensible and humane way to deal with people here illegally. Illegal immigration is mplicated, but it can be resolved. And it must be resolved in a way that upholds both our laws and our highest ideals. This is the business of our Nation here at home. Yet building a prosperous future for our citizens also depends on nfronting enemies abroad and advancing liberty in troubled regions of the world. Our foreign policy is based on a clear premise: We trust that people, when given the chance, will choose a future of freedom and peace. In the last years, we have witnessed stirring moments in the history of liberty. We've seen citizens in Georgia and Ukraine stand up for their right to free and fair elections. We've seen people in Lebanon take to the streets to demand their independence. We've seen Afghans emerge from the tyranny of the Taliban and choose a new President and a new parliament. We've seen jubilant Iraqis holding up ink-stained fingers and celebrating their freedom. These images of liberty have inspired us. In the past years, we've also seen the images that have sobered us. We've watched throngs of mourners in Lebanon and Pakistan carrying the caskets of beloved leaders taken by the assassin's hand. We've seen wedding guests in blood-soaked finery staggering from a hotel in Jordan, Afghans and Iraqis blown up in mosques and markets, and trains in London and Madrid ripped apart by bombs. On a clear September day, we saw thousands of our fellow citizens taken from us in an instant. These horrific images serve as a grim reminder: The advance of liberty is opposed by terrorists and extremists, evil men who despise freedom, despise America, and aim to subject millions to their violent rule. Since /, we have taken the fight to these terrorists and extremists. We will stay on the offense, we will keep up the pressure, and we will deliver justice to our enemies. We are engaged in the defining ideological struggle of the st century. The terrorists oppose every principle of humanity and decency that we hold dear. Yet in this war on terror, there is one thing we and our enemies agree on: In the long run, men and women who are free to determine their own destinies will reject terror and refuse to live in tyranny. And that is why the terrorists are fighting to deny this choice to the people in Lebanon, Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and the Palestinian Territories. And that is why, for the security of America and the peace of the world, we are spreading the hope of freedom. In Afghanistan, America, our NATO allies, and partner nations are helping the Afghan people defend their freedom and rebuild their untry. Thanks to the urage of these military and civilian personnel, a nation that was once a safe haven for Al Qaida is now a young democracy where boys and girls are going to school, new roads and hospitals are being built, and people are looking to the future with new hope. These successes must ntinue, so we're adding , marines to our forces in Afghanistan, where they will fight the terrorists and train the Afghan Army and police. Defeating the Taliban and Al Qaida is critical to our security, and I thank the Congress for supporting America's vital mission in Afghanistan. In Iraq, the terrorists and extremists are fighting to deny a proud people their liberty and fighting to establish safe havens for attacks across the world. One year ago, our enemies were succeeding in their efforts to plunge Iraq into chaos. So we reviewed our strategy and changed urse. We launched a surge of American forces into Iraq. We gave our troops a new mission: work with the Iraqi forces to protect the Iraqi people, pursue the enemy in its strongholds, and deny the terrorists sanctuary anywhere in the untry. The Iraqi people quickly realized that something dramatic had happened. Those who had worried that America was preparing to abandon them instead saw tens of thousands of American forces flowing into their untry. They saw our forces moving into neighborhoods, clearing out the terrorists, and staying behind to ensure the enemy did not return. And they saw our troops, along with Provincial Renstruction Teams that include Foreign Service officers and other skilled public servants, ming in to ensure that improved security was followed by improvements in daily life. Our military and civilians in Iraq are performing with urage and distinction, and they have the gratitude of our whole Nation. The Iraqis launched a surge of their own. In the fall of , Sunni tribal leaders grew tired of Al Qaida's brutality, started a popular uprising called the Anbar Awakening. Over the past year, similar movements have spread across the untry. And today, the grassroots surge includes more than , Iraqi citizens who are fighting the terrorists. The Government in Baghdad has stepped forward as well, adding more than , new Iraqi soldiers and police during the past year. While the enemy is still dangerous and more work remains, the American and Iraqi surges have achieved results few of us uld have imagined just year ago. When we met last year, many said that ntaining the violence was impossible. A year later, high-profile terrorist attacks are down, civilian deaths are down, sectarian killings are down. When we met last year, militia extremists—some armed and trained by Iran— were wreaking havoc in large areas of Iraq. A year later, alition and Iraqi forces have killed or captured hundreds of militia fighters. And Iraqis of all backgrounds increasingly realize that defeating these militia fighters is critical to the future of their untry. When we met last year, Al Qaida had sanctuaries in many areas of Iraq, and their leaders had just offered American forces safe passage out of the untry. Today, it is Al Qaida that is searching for safe passage. They have been driven from many of the strongholds they once held. And over the past year, we've captured or killed thousands of extremists in Iraq, including hundreds of key Al Qaida leaders and operatives. Last month, Usama bin Laden released a tape in which he railed against Iraqi tribal leaders who have turned on Al Qaida and admitted that alition forces are growing stronger in Iraq. Ladies and gentlemen, some may deny the surge is working, but among the terrorists there is no doubt. Al Qaida is on the run in Iraq, and this enemy will be defeated. When we met last year, our troop levels in Iraq were on the rise. Today, because of the progress just described, we are implementing a policy of return on success, and the surge forces we sent to Iraq are beginning to me home. This progress is a credit to the valor of our troops and the brilliance of their mmanders. This evening I want to speak directly to our men and women on the frontlines. Soldiers and sailors, airmen, marines, and astguardsmen: In the past year, you have done everything we've asked of you and more. Our Nation is grateful for your urage. We are proud of your acmplishments. And tonight in this hallowed Chamber, with the American people as our witness, we make you a solemn pledge: In the fight ahead, you will have all you need to protect our Nation. And I ask Congress to meet its responsibilities to these brave men and women by fully funding our troops. Our enemies in Iraq have been hit hard. They are not yet defeated, and we can still expect tough fighting ahead. Our objective in the ming year is to sustain and build on the gains we made in while transitioning to the next phase of our strategy. American troops are shifting from leading operations to partnering with Iraqi forces and, eventually, to a protective overwatch mission. As part of this transition, one Army brigade mbat team and one Marine expeditionary unit have already me home and will not be replaced. In the ming months, four additional brigades and two Marine battalions will follow suit. Taken together, this means more than , of our troops are ming home. Any further drawdown of U.S. troops will be based on nditions in Iraq and the remmendations of our mmanders. General Petraeus has warned that too fast a drawdown uld result in, quote, the disintegration of the Iraqi security forces, Al Qaida-Iraq regaining lost ground, and a marked increase in violence." Members of Congress, having me so far and achieved so much, we must not allow this to happen. In the ming year, we will work with Iraqi leaders as they build on the progress they're making toward political renciliation. At the local level, Sunnis, Shi'a, and Kurds are beginning to me together to reclaim their mmunities and rebuild their lives. Progress in the Provinces must be matched by progress in Baghdad. We're seeing some enuraging signs. The national Government is sharing oil revenues with the Provinces. The parliament recently passed both a pension law and de-Ba'athification reform. They're now debating a Provincial powers law. The Iraqis still have a distance to travel, but after decades of dictatorship and the pain of sectarian violence, renciliation is taking place, and the Iraqi people are taking ntrol of their future. The mission in Iraq has been difficult and trying for our Nation, but it is in the vital interest of the United States that we succeed. A free Iraq will deny Al Qaida a safe haven. A free Iraq will show millions across the Middle East that a future of liberty is possible. A free Iraq will be a friend of America, a partner in fighting terror, and a source of stability in a dangerous part of the world. By ntrast, a failed Iraq would embolden the extremists, strengthen Iran, and give terrorists a base from which to launch new attacks on our friends, our allies, and our homeland. The enemy has made its intentions clear. At a time when the momentum seemed to favor them, Al Qaida's top mmander in Iraq declared that they will not rest until they have attacked us here in Washington. My fellow Americans, we will not rest either. We will not rest until this enemy has been defeated. We must do the difficult work today so that years from now, people will look back and say that this generation rose to the moment, prevailed in a tough fight, and left behind a more hopeful region and a safer America. We're also standing against the forces of extremism in the Holy Land, where we have new cause for hope. Palestinians have elected a President who regnizes that nfronting terror is essential to achieving a state where his people can live in dignity and at peace with Israel. Israelis have leaders who regnize that a peaceful, democratic Palestinian state will be a source of lasting security. This month in Ramallah and Jerusalem, I assured leaders from both sides that America will do, and I will do, everything we can to help them achieve a peace agreement that defines a Palestinian state by the end of this year. The time has me for a Holy Land where a democratic Israel and a democratic Palestine live side by side in peace. We're also standing against the forces of extremism embodied by the regime in Tehran. Iran's rulers oppress a good and talented people. And wherever freedom advances in the Middle East, it seems the Iranian regime is there to oppose it. Iran is funding and training militia groups in Iraq, supporting Hizballah terrorists in Lebanon, and backing Hamas efforts to undermine peace in the Holy Land. Tehran is also developing ballistic missiles of increasing range and ntinues to develop its capability to enrich uranium, which uld be used to create a nuclear weapon. Our message to the people of Iran is clear: We have no quarrel with you. We respect your traditions and your history. We look forward to the day when you have your freedom. Our message to the leaders of Iran is also clear: Verifiably suspend your nuclear enrichment so negotiations can begin. And to rejoin the mmunity of nations, me clean about your nuclear intentions and past actions, stop your oppression at home, cease your support for terror abroad. But above all, know this: America will nfront those who threaten our troops, we will stand by our allies, and we will defend our vital interests in the Persian Gulf. On the homefront, we will ntinue to take every lawful and effective measure to protect our untry. This is our most solemn duty. We are grateful that there has not been another attack on our soil since /. This is not for the lack of desire or effort on the part of the enemy. In the past years, we've stopped numerous attacks, including a plot to fly a plane into the tallest building in Los Angeles and another to blow up passenger jets bound for America over the Atlantic. Dedicated men and women in our Government toil day and night to stop the terrorists from carrying out their plans. These good citizens are saving American lives, and everyone in this Chamber owes them our thanks. And we owe them something more; we owe them the tools they need to keep our people safe. And one of the most important tools we can give them is the ability to monitor terrorist mmunications. To protect America, we need to know who the terrorists are talking to, what they are saying, and what they're planning. Last year, Congress passed legislation to help us do that. Unfortunately, Congress set the legislations to expire on February the st. That means if you don't act by Friday, our ability to track terrorist threats would be weakened and our citizens will be in greater danger. Congress must ensure the flow of vital intelligence is not disrupted. Congress must pass liability protection for mpanies believed to have assisted in the efforts to defend America. We've had ample time for debate. The time to act is now. Protecting our Nation from the dangers of a new century requires more than good intelligence and a strong military. It also requires changing the nditions that breed resentment and allow extremists to prey on despair. So America is using its influence to build a freer, more hopeful, and more mpassionate world. This is a reflection of our national interests; it is the calling of our nscience. America opposes genocide in Sudan. We support freedom in untries from Cuba and Zimbabwe to Belarus and Burma. America is leading the fight against global poverty with strong education initiatives and humanitarian assistance. We've also changed the way we deliver aid by launching the Millennium Challenge Acunt. This program strengthens democracy, transparency, and the rule of law in developing nations, and I ask you to fully fund this important initiative. America is leading the fight against global hunger. Today, more than half the world's food aid mes from the United States. And tonight I ask Congress to support an innovative proposal to provide food assistance by purchasing crops directly from farmers in the developing world, so we can build up local agriculture and help break the cycle of famine. America is leading the fight against disease. With your help, we're working to cut by half the number of malaria-related deaths in African nations. And our Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief is treating . million people. We can bring healing and hope to many more. So I ask you to maintain the principles that have changed behavior and made this program a success. And I call on you to double our initial mmitment to fighting HIV/AIDS by approving an additional billion over the next years. America is a force for hope in the world because we are a mpassionate people, and some of the most mpassionate Americans are those who have stepped forward to protect us. We must keep faith with all who have risked life and limb so that we might live in freedom and peace. Over the past years, we've increased funding for veterans by more than percent. And as we increase funding, we must also reform our veterans system to meet the needs of a new war and a new generation. I call on Congress to enact the reforms remmended by Senator Bob Dole and Secretary Donna Shalala so we can improve the system of care for our wounded warriors and help them build lives of hope and promise and dignity. Our military families also sacrifice for America. They endure sleepless nights and the daily struggle of providing for children while a loved one is serving far from home. We have a responsibility to provide for them. So I ask you to join me in expanding their access to child care, creating new hiring preferences for military spouses across the Federal Government, and allowing our troops to transfer their unused education benefits to their spouses or children. Our military families serve our Nation, they inspire our Nation, and tonight our Nation honors them. The strength—the secret of our strength, the miracle of America, is that our greatness lies not in our Government, but in the spirit and determination of our people. When the Federal Convention met in Philadelphia in , our Nation was bound by the Articles of Confederation, which began with the words, We the undersigned delegates." When Gouverneur Morris was asked to draft the preamble to our new Constitution, he offered an important revision and opened with words that changed the urse of our Nation and the history of the world: We the people." By trusting the people, our Founders wagered that a great and noble nation uld be built on the liberty that resides in the hearts of all men and women. By trusting the people, succeeding generations transformed our fragile, young democracy into the most powerful nation on Earth and a bean of hope for millions. And so long as we ntinue to trust the people, our Nation will prosper, our liberty will be secure, and the state of our Union will remain strong. So tonight, with nfidence in freedom's power and trust in the people, let us set forth to do their business. God bless America. In his day, the late Congressman Thomas D'Alesandro, Jr from Baltimore, Maryland, saw Presidents Roosevelt and Truman at this rostrum. But nothing uld mpare with the sight of his only daughter, Nancy, presiding tonight as Speaker of the House of Representatives. Congratulations, Madam Speaker. Two Members of the House and Senate are not with us tonight, and we pray for the revery and speedy return of Senator Tim Johnson and Congressman Charlie Norwood. Madam Speaker, Vice President Cheney, Members of Congress, distinguished guests, and fellow citizens: The rite of custom brings us together at a defining hour when decisions are hard and urage is needed. We enter the year with large endeavors underway and others that are ours to begin. In all of this, much is asked of us. We must have the will to face difficult challenges and determined enemies and the wisdom to face them together. Some in this Chamber are new to the House and the Senate, and I ngratulate the Democrat majority. Congress has changed, but not our responsibilities. Each of us is guided by our own nvictions, and to these we must stay faithful. Yet we're all held to the same standards and called to serve the same good purposes: to extend this Nation's prosperity, to spend the people's money wisely, to solve problems, not leave them to future generations, to guard America against all evil, and to keep faith with those we have sent forth to defend us. We're not the first to me here with a government divided and uncertainty in the air. Like many before us, we can work through our differences, and we can achieve big things for the American people. Our citizens don't much care which side of the aisle we sit on, as long as we're willing to cross that aisle when there is work to be done. Our job is to make life better for our fellow Americans and to help them build a future of hope and opportunity, and this is the business before us tonight. A future of hope and opportunity begins with a growing enomy, and that is what we have. We're now in the st month of uninterrupted job growth, a revery that has created . million new jobs so far. Unemployment is low; inflation is low; wages are rising. This enomy is on the move, and our job is to keep it that way, not with more government but with more enterprise. Next week, I'll deliver a full report on the state of our enomy. Tonight I want to discuss three enomic reforms that deserve to be priorities for this Congress. First, we must balance the Federal budget. We can do so without raising taxes. What we need is spending discipline in Washington, DC. We set a goal of cutting the deficit in half by and met that goal years ahead of schedule. Now let us take the next step. In the ming weeks, I will submit a budget that eliminates the Federal deficit within the next years. I ask you to make the same mmitment. Together, we can restrain the spending appetite of the Federal Government, and we can balance the Federal budget. Next, there is the matter of earmarks. These special interest items are often slipped into bills at the last hour, when not even C-SPAN is watching. Laughter] In alone, the number of earmarks grew to over , and totaled nearly billion. Even worse, over percent of the earmarks never make it to the floor of the House and Senate. They are dropped into mmittee reports that are not even part of the bill that arrives on my desk. You didn't vote them into law, I didn't sign them into law, yet they're treated as if they have the force of law. The time has me to end this practice. So let us work together to reform the budget process, expose every earmark to the light of day and to a vote in Congress, and cut the number and st of earmarks at least in half by the end of this session. And finally, to keep this enomy strong, we must take on the challenge of entitlements. Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid are mmitments of nscience, and so it is our duty to keep them permanently sound. Yet we're failing in that duty. And this failure will one day leave our children with three bad options: huge tax increases, huge deficits, or huge and immediate cuts in benefits. Everyone in this Chamber knows this to be true, yet somehow we have not found it in ourselves to act. So let us work together and do it now. With enough good sense and good will, you and I can fix Medicare and Medicaid and save Social Security. Spreading opportunity and hope in America also requires public schools that give children the knowledge and character they need in life. Five years ago, we rose above partisan differences to pass the No Child Left Behind Act, preserving local ntrol, raising standards, and holding schools acuntable for results. And because we acted, students are performing better in reading and math, and minority students are closing the achievement gap. Now the task is to build on the success without watering down standards, without taking ntrol from local mmunities, and without backsliding and calling it reform. We can lift student achievement even higher by giving local leaders flexibility to turn around failing schools and by giving families with children stuck in failing schools the right to choose someplace better. We must increase funds for students who struggle and make sure these children get the special help they need. And we can make sure our children are prepared for the jobs of the future and our untry is more mpetitive by strengthening math and science skills. The No Child Left Behind Act has worked for America's children, and I ask Congress to reauthorize this good law. A future of hope and opportunity requires that all our citizens have affordable and available health care. When it mes to health care, Government has an obligation to care for the elderly, the disabled, and poor children, and we will meet those responsibilities. For all other Americans, private health insurance is the best way to meet their needs. But many Americans cannot afford a health insurance policy, and so tonight I propose two new initiatives to help more Americans afford their own insurance. First, I propose a standard tax deduction for health insurance that will be like the standard tax deduction for dependents. Families with health insurance will pay no inme on payroll tax—or payroll taxes on , of their inme. Single Americans with health insurance will pay no inme or payroll taxes on , of their inme. With this reform, more than million men, women, and children who are now vered by employer-provided insurance will benefit from lower tax bills. At the same time, this reform will level the playing field for those who do not get health insurance through their job. For Americans who now purchase health insurance on their own, this proposal would mean a substantial tax savings, , for a family of four making , a year. And for the millions of other Americans who have no health insurance at all, this deduction would help put a basic, private health insurance plan within their reach. Changing the Tax Code is a vital and necessary step to making health care affordable for more Americans. My send proposal is to help the States that are ming up with innovative ways to ver the uninsured. States that make basic private health insurance available to all their citizens should receive Federal funds to help them provide this verage to the poor and the sick. I have asked the Secretary of Health and Human Services to work with Congress to take existing Federal funds and use them to create Affordable Choices grants. These grants would give our Nation's Governors more money and more flexibility to get private health insurance to those most in need. There are many other ways that Congress can help. We need to expand health savings acunts. We need to help small businesses through association health plans. We need to reduce sts and medical errors with better information technology. We will enurage price transparency. And to protect good doctors from junk lawsuits, we need to pass medical liability reform. In all we do, we must remember that the best health care decisions are not made by government and insurance mpanies but by patients and their doctors. Extending hope and opportunity in our untry requires an immigration system worthy of America, with laws that are fair and borders that are secure. When laws and borders are routinely violated, this harms the interests of our untry. To secure our border, we're doubling the size of the Border Patrol and funding new infrastructure and technology. Yet even with all these steps, we cannot fully secure the border unless we take pressure off the border, and that requires a temporary-worker program. We should establish a legal and orderly path for foreign workers to enter our untry to work on a temporary basis. As a result, they won't have to try to sneak in, and that will leave border agents free to chase down drug smugglers and criminals and terrorists. We'll enforce our immigration laws at the worksite and give employers the tools to verify the legal status of their workers, so there's no excuse left for violating the law. We need to uphold the great tradition of the melting pot that welmes and assimilates new arrivals. We need to resolve the status of the illegal immigrants who are already in our untry without animosity and without amnesty. Convictions run deep in this Capitol when it mes to immigration. Let us have a serious, civil, and nclusive debate, so that you can pass and I can sign mprehensive immigration reform into law. Extending hope and opportunity depends on a stable supply of energy that keeps America's enomy running and America's environment clean. For too long, our Nation has been dependent on foreign oil. And this dependence leaves us more vulnerable to hostile regimes and to terrorists who uld cause huge disruptions of oil shipments and raise the price of oil and do great harm to our enomy. It's in our vital interest to diversify America's energy supply. The way forward is through technology. We must ntinue changing the way America generates electric power by even greater use of clean al technology, solar and wind energy, and clean, safe nuclear power. We need to press on with battery research for plug-in and hybrid vehicles and expand the use of clean diesel vehicles and biodiesel fuel. We must ntinue investing in new methods of producing ethanol, using everything from wood chips to grasses to agricultural wastes. We made a lot of progress, thanks to good policies here in Washington and the strong response of the market. And now even more dramatic advances are within reach. Tonight I ask Congress to join me in pursuing a great goal. Let us build on the work we've done and reduce gasoline usage in the United States by percent in the next years. When we do that, we will have cut our total imports by the equivalent of three-quarters of all the oil we now import from the Middle East. To reach this goal, we must increase the supply of alternative fuels by setting a mandatory fuels standard to require billion gallons of renewable and alternative fuels in , and that is nearly five times the current target. At the same time, we need to reform and modernize fuel enomy standards for cars the way we did for light trucks, and nserve up to ⁄ billion more gallons of gasoline by . Achieving these ambitious goals will dramatically reduce our dependence on foreign oil, but it's not going to eliminate it. And so as we ntinue to diversify our fuel supply, we must step up domestic oil production in environmentally sensitive ways. And to further protect America against severe disruptions to our oil supply, I ask Congress to double the current capacity of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. America is on the verge of technological breakthroughs that will enable us to live our lives less dependent on oil. And these technologies will help us be better stewards of the environment, and they will help us to nfront the serious challenge of global climate change. A future of hope and opportunity requires a fair, impartial system of justice. The lives of our citizens across our Nation are affected by the outme of cases pending in our Federal urts. We have a shared obligation to ensure that the Federal urts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings. As President, I have a duty to nominate qualified men and women to vacancies on the Federal bench, and the United States Senate has a duty as well, to give those nominees a fair hearing and a prompt up-or-down vote on the Senate floor. For all of us in this room, there is no higher responsibility than to protect the people of this untry from danger. Five years have me and gone since we saw the scenes and felt the sorrow that the terrorists can cause. We've had time to take stock of our situation. We've added many critical protections to guard the homeland. We know with certainty that the horrors of that September morning were just a glimpse of what the terrorists intend for us, unless we stop them. With the distance of time, we find ourselves debating the causes of nflict and the urse we have followed. Such debates are essential when a great democracy faces great questions. Yet one question has surely been settled: that to win the war on terror, we must take the fight to the enemy. From the start, America and our allies have protected our people by staying on the offense. The enemy knows that the days of mfortable sanctuary, easy movement, steady financing, and free flowing mmunications are long over. For the terrorists, life since / has never been the same. Our success in this war is often measured by the things that did not happen. We cannot know the full extent of the attacks that we and our allies have prevented, but here is some of what we do know. We stopped an Al Qaida plot to fly a hijacked airplane into the tallest building on the west ast. We broke up a Southeast Asian terror cell grooming operatives for attacks inside the United States. We unvered an Al Qaida cell developing anthrax to be used in attacks against America. And just last August, British authorities unvered a plot to blow up passenger planes bound for America over the Atlantic Ocean. For each life saved, we owe a debt of gratitude to the brave public servants who devote their lives to finding the terrorists and stopping them. Every success against the terrorists is a reminder of the shoreless ambitions of this enemy. The evil that inspired and rejoiced in / is still at work in the world. And so long as that's the case, America is still a nation at war. In the mind of the terrorists, this war began well before September the th and will not end until their radical vision is fulfilled. And these past years have given us a much clearer view of the nature of this enemy. Al Qaida and its followers are Sunni extremists possessed by hatred and mmanded by a harsh and narrow ideology. Take almost any principle of civilization, and their goal is the opposite. They preach with threats, instruct with bullets and bombs, and promise paradise for the murder of the innocent. Our enemies are quite explicit about their intentions. They want to overthrow moderate governments and establish safe havens from which to plan and carry out new attacks on our untry. By killing and terrorizing Americans, they want to force our untry to retreat from the world and abandon the cause of liberty. They would then be free to impose their will and spread their totalitarian ideology. Listen to this warning from the late terrorist Zarqawi: We will sacrifice our blood and bodies to put an end to your dreams, and what is ming is even worse." Usama bin Laden declared: Death is better than living on this Earth with the unbelievers among us." These men are not given to idle words, and they are just one camp in the Islamist radical movement. In recent times, it has also beme clear that we face an escalating danger from Shi'a extremists who are just as hostile to America and are also determined to dominate the Middle East. Many are known to take direction from the regime in Iran, which is funding and arming terrorists like Hizballah, a group send only to Al Qaida in the American lives it has taken. The Shi'a and Sunni extremists are different faces of the same totalitarian threat. Whatever slogans they chant when they slaughter the innocent, they have the same wicked purposes. They want to kill Americans, kill democracy in the Middle East, and gain the weapons to kill on an even more horrific scale. In the sixth year since our Nation was attacked, I wish I uld report to you that the dangers have ended. They have not. And so it remains the policy of this Government to use every lawful and proper tool of intelligence, diplomacy, law enforcement, and military action to do our duty, to find these enemies, and to protect the American people. This war is more than a clash of arms; it is a decisive ideological struggle. And the security of our Nation is in the balance. To prevail, we must remove the nditions that inspire blind hatred and drove men to get onto airplanes and to me and kill us. What every terrorist fears most is human freedom: societies where men and women make their own choices, answer to their own nscience, and live by their hopes instead of their resentments. Free people are not drawn to violent and malignant ideologies, and most will choose a better way when they're given a chance. So we advance our own security interests by helping moderates and reformers and brave voices for democracy. The great question of our day is whether America will help men and women in the Middle East to build free societies and share in the rights of all humanity. And I say, for the sake of our own security, we must. In the last years, we've seen the desire for liberty in the broader Middle East, and we have been sobered by the enemy's fierce reaction. In , the world watched as the citizens of Lebanon raised the banner of the Cedar Revolution. They drove out the Syrian occupiers and chose new leaders in free elections. In , the people of Afghanistan defied the terrorists and elected a democratic legislature. And in , the Iraqi people held three national elections, choosing a transitional government, adopting the most progressive, democratic Constitution in the Arab world, and then electing a Government under that Constitution. Despite endless threats from the killers in their midst, nearly million Iraqi citizens came out to vote in a show of hope and solidarity that we should never forget. A thinking enemy watched all of these scenes, adjusted their tactics, and, in , they struck back. In Lebanon, assassins took the life of Pierre Gemayel, a prominent participant in the Cedar Revolution. Hizballah terrorists, with support from Syria and Iran, sowed nflict in the region and are seeking to undermine Lebanon's legitimately elected Government. In Afghanistan, Taliban and Al Qaida fighters tried to regain power by regrouping and engaging Afghan and NATO forces. In Iraq, Al Qaida and other Sunni extremists blew up one of the most sacred places in Shi'a Islam, the Golden Mosque of Samarra. This atrocity, directed at a Muslim house of prayer, was designed to provoke retaliation from Iraqi Shi'a, and it succeeded. Radical Shi'a elements, some of whom receive support from Iran, formed death squads. The result was a tragic escalation of sectarian rage and reprisal that ntinues to this day. This is not the fight we entered in Iraq, but it is the fight we're in. Every one of us wishes this war were over and won. Yet it would not be like us to leave our promises unkept, our friends abandoned, and our own security at risk. Ladies and gentlemen, on this day, at this hour, it is still within our power to shape the outme of this battle. Let us find our resolve and turn events toward victory. We're carrying out a new strategy in Iraq, a plan that demands more from Iraq's elected Government and gives our forces in Iraq the reinforcements they need to mplete their mission. Our goal is a democratic Iraq that upholds the rule of law, respects the rights of its people, provides them security, and is an ally in the war on terror. In order to make progress toward this goal, the Iraqi Government must stop the sectarian violence in its capital. But the Iraqis are not yet ready to do this on their own. So we're deploying reinforcements of more than , additional soldiers and marines to Iraq. The vast majority will go to Baghdad, where they will help Iraqi forces to clear and secure neighborhoods and serve as advisers embedded in Iraqi Army units. With Iraqis in the lead, our forces will help secure the city by chasing down the terrorists, insurgents, and the roaming death squads. And in Anbar Province, where Al Qaida terrorists have gathered and local forces have begun showing a willingness to fight them, we're sending an additional , United States marines, with orders to find the terrorists and clear them out. We didn't drive Al Qaida out of their safe haven in Afghanistan only to let them set up a new safe haven in a free Iraq. The people of Iraq want to live in peace, and now it's time for their Government to act. Iraq's leaders know that our mmitment is not open ended. They have promised to deploy more of their own troops to secure Baghdad, and they must do so. They pledged that they will nfront violent radicals of any faction or political party, and they need to follow through and lift needless restrictions on Iraqi and alition forces, so these troops can achieve their mission of bringing security to all of the people of Baghdad. Iraq's leaders have mmitted themselves to a series of benchmarks: to achieve renciliation, to share oil revenues among all of Iraq's citizens, to put the wealth of Iraq into the rebuilding of Iraq, to allow more Iraqis to reenter their nation's civic life, to hold local elections, and to take responsibility for security in every Iraqi Province. But for all of this to happen, Baghdad must be secure, and our plan will help the Iraqi Government take back its capital and make good on its mmitments. My fellow citizens, our military mmanders and I have carefully weighed the options. We discussed every possible approach. In the end, I chose this urse of action because it provides the best chance for success. Many in this Chamber understand that America must not fail in Iraq, because you understand that the nsequences of failure would be grievous and far-reaching. If American forces step back before Baghdad is secure, the Iraqi Government would be overrun by extremists on all sides. We uld expect an epic battle between Shi'a extremists backed by Iran and Sunni extremists aided by Al Qaida and supporters of the old regime. A ntagion of violence uld spill out across the untry, and, in time, the entire region uld be drawn into the nflict. For America, this is a nightmare scenario; for the enemy, this is the objective. Chaos is the greatest ally, their greatest ally in this struggle. And out of chaos in Iraq would emerge an emboldened enemy with new safe havens, new recruits, new resources, and an even greater determination to harm America. To allow this to happen would be to ignore the lessons of September the th and invite tragedy. Ladies and gentlemen, nothing is more important at this moment in our history than for America to succeed in the Middle East, to succeed in Iraq, and to spare the American people from this danger. This is where matters stand tonight, in the here and now. I have spoken with many of you in person. I respect you and the arguments you've made. We went into this largely united, in our assumptions and in our nvictions. And whatever you voted for, you did not vote for failure. Our untry is pursuing a new strategy in Iraq, and I ask you to give it a chance to work. And I ask you to support our troops in the field and those on their way. The war on terror we fight today is a generational struggle that will ntinue long after you and I have turned our duties over to others. And that's why it's important to work together so our Nation can see this great effort through. Both parties and both branches should work in close nsultation. It's why I've proposed to establish a special advisory uncil on the war on terror, made up of leaders in Congress from both political parties. We will share ideas for how to position America to meet every challenge that nfronts us. We'll show our enemies abroad that we are united in the goal of victory. And one of the first steps we can take together is to add to the ranks of our military so that the American Armed Forces are ready for all the challenges ahead. Tonight I ask the Congress to authorize an increase in the size of our active Army and Marine Corps by , in the next years. A send task we can take on together is to design and establish a volunteer civilian reserve rps. Such a rps would function much like our military reserve. It would ease the burden on the Armed Forces by allowing us to hire civilians with critical skills to serve on missions abroad when America needs them. It would give people across America who do not wear the uniform a chance to serve in the defining struggle of our time. Americans can have nfidence in the outme of this struggle because we're not in this struggle alone. We have a diplomatic strategy that is rallying the world to join in the fight against extremism. In Iraq, multinational forces are operating under a mandate from the United Nations. We're working with Jordan and Saudi Arabia and Egypt and the Gulf States to increase support for Iraq's Government. The United Nations has imposed sanctions on Iran and made it clear that the world will not allow the regime in Tehran to acquire nuclear weapons. With the other members of the Quartet—the U.N the EU, and Russia—we're pursuing diplomacy to help bring peace to the Holy Land and pursuing the establishment of a democratic Palestinian state living side by side with Israel in peace and security. In Afghanistan, NATO has taken the lead in turning back the Taliban and Al Qaida offensive, the first time the Alliance has deployed forces outside the North Atlantic area. Together with our partners in China and Japan, Russia and South Korea, we're pursuing intensive diplomacy to achieve a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons. We will ntinue to speak out for the cause of freedom in places like Cuba, Belarus, and Burma, and ntinue to awaken the nscience of the world to save the people of Darfur. American foreign policy is more than a matter of war and diplomacy. Our work in the world is also based on a timeless truth: To whom much is given, much is required. We hear the call to take on the challenges of hunger and poverty and disease, and that is precisely what America is doing. We must ntinue to fight HIV/ AIDS, especially on the ntinent of Africa. Because you funded the Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, the number of people receiving lifesaving drugs has grown from , to more than , in short years. I ask you to ntinue funding our efforts to fight HIV/AIDS, and I ask you to provide . billion over years so we can mbat malaria in African untries. I ask that you fund the Millennium Challenge Acunt, so that American aid reaches the people who need it, in nations where democracy is on the rise and rruption is in retreat. And let us ntinue to support the expanded trade and debt relief that are the best hope for lifting lives and eliminating poverty. When America serves others in this way, we show the strength and generosity of our untry. These deeds reflect the character of our people. The greatest strength we have is the heroic kindness and urage and self-sacrifice of the American people. You see this spirit often if you know where to look, and tonight we need only look above to the gallery. Dikembe Mutombo grew up in Africa amid great poverty and disease. He came to Georgetown University on a scholarship to study medicine, but Coach John Thompson took a look at Dikembe and had a different idea. Laughter] Dikembe became a star in the NBA and a citizen of the United States, but he never forgot the land of his birth or the duty to share his blessings with others. He built a brand new hospital in his old hometown. A friend has said of this good-hearted man: Mutombo believes that God has given him this opportunity to do great things." And we are proud to call this son of the Congo a citizen of the United States of America. After her daughter was born, Julie Aigner-Clark searched for ways to share her love of music and art with her child. So she borrowed some equipment and began filming children's videos in her basement. The Baby Einstein Company was born, and in just years, her business grew to more than million in sales. In November , Julie sold Baby Einstein to Walt Disney Company, and with her help, Baby Einstein has grown into a million business. Julie represents the great enterprising spirit of America. And she is using her success to help others, producing child safety videos with John Walsh of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Julie says of her new project: I believe it is the most important thing I have ever done. I believe that children have the right to live in a world that is safe." And so tonight we are pleased to welme this talented business entrepreneur and generous social entrepreneur, Julie Aigner-Clark. Three weeks ago, Wesley Autrey was waiting at a Harlem subway station with his two little girls when he saw a man fall into the path of a train. With sends to act, Wesley jumped onto the tracks, pulled the man into the space between the rails, and held him as the train passed right above their heads. He insists he's not a hero. He says: We got guys and girls overseas dying for us to have our freedoms. We have got to show each other some love." There is something wonderful about a untry that produces a brave and humble man like Wesley Autrey. Tommy Rieman was a teenager pumping gas in Independence, Kentucky, when he enlisted in the United States Army. In December , he was on a rennaissance mission in Iraq when his team came under heavy enemy fire. From his Humvee, Sergeant Rieman returned fire. He used his body as a shield to protect his gunner. He was shot in the chest and arm and received shrapnel wounds to his legs, yet he refused medical attention and stayed in the fight. He helped to repel a send attack, firing grenades at the enemy's position. For his exceptional urage, Sergeant Rieman was awarded the Silver Star. And like so many other Americans who have volunteered to defend us, he has earned the respect and the gratitude of our entire untry. In such urage and mpassion, ladies and gentlemen, we see the spirit and character of America. And these qualities are not in short supply. This is a decent and honorable untry and resilient too. We've been through a lot together. We've met challenges and faced dangers, and we know that more lie ahead. Yet we can go forward with nfidence, because the State of our Union is strong; our cause in the world is right; and tonight that cause goes on. God bless. See you next year. Thank you for your prayers. Every time I'm invited to this rostrum, I'm humbled by the privilege and mindful of the history we've seen together. We have gathered under this Capitol dome in moments of national mourning and national achievement. We have served America through one of the most nsequential periods of our history, and it has been my honor to serve with you. In a system of two parties, two chambers, and two elected branches, there will always be differences and debate. But even tough debates can be nducted in a civil tone, and our differences cannot be allowed to harden into anger. To nfront the great issues before us, we must act in a spirit of good will and respect for one another, and I will do my part. Tonight the state of our Union is strong, and together we will make it stronger. In this decisive year, you and I will make choices that determine both the future and the character of our untry. We will choose to act nfidently in pursuing the enemies of freedom, or retreat from our duties in the hope of an easier life. We will choose to build our prosperity by leading the world enomy, or shut ourselves off from trade and opportunity. In a mplex and challenging time, the road of isolationism and protectionism may seem broad and inviting, yet it ends in danger and decline. The only way to protect our people, the only way to secure the peace, the only way to ntrol our destiny is by our leadership. So the United States of America will ntinue to lead. Abroad, our Nation is mmitted to an historic, long-term goal: We seek the end of tyranny in our world. Some dismiss that goal as misguided idealism. In reality, the future security of America depends on it. On September the th, , we found that problems originating in a failed and oppressive state , miles away uld bring murder and destruction to our untry. Dictatorships shelter terrorists, and feed resentment and radicalism, and seek weapons of mass destruction. Democracies replace resentment with hope, respect the rights of their citizens and their neighbors, and join the fight against terror. Every step toward freedom in the world makes our untry safer, so we will act boldly in freedom's cause. Far from being a hopeless dream, the advance of freedom is the great story of our time. In , there were about two dozen lonely democracies in the world. Today, there are . And we're writing a new chapter in the story of self-government—with women lining up to vote in Afghanistan, and millions of Iraqis marking their liberty with purple ink, and men and women from Lebanon to Egypt debating the rights of individuals and the necessity of freedom. At the start of , more than half the people of our world live in democratic nations. And we do not forget the other half—in places like Syria and Burma, Zimbabwe, North Korea, and Iran—because the demands of justice and the peace of this world require their freedom as well. No one can deny the success of freedom, but some men rage and fight against it. And one of the main sources of reaction and opposition is radical Islam—the perversion by a few of a noble faith into an ideology of terror and death. Terrorists like bin Laden are serious about mass murder, and all of us must take their declared intentions seriously. They seek to impose a heartless system of totalitarian ntrol throughout the Middle East and arm themselves with weapons of mass murder. Their aim is to seize power in Iraq and use it as a safe haven to launch attacks against America and the world. Lacking the military strength to challenge us directly, the terrorists have chosen the weapon of fear. When they murder children at a school in Beslan or blow up mmuters in London or behead a bound captive, the terrorists hope these horrors will break our will, allowing the violent to inherit the Earth. But they have miscalculated: We love our freedom, and we will fight to keep it. In a time of testing, we cannot find security by abandoning our mmitments and retreating within our borders. If we were to leave these vicious attackers alone, they would not leave us alone. They would simply move the battlefield to our own shores. There is no peace in retreat, and there is no honor in retreat. By allowing radical Islam to work its will, by leaving an assaulted world to fend for itself, we would signal to all that we no longer believe in our own ideals or even in our own urage. But our enemies and our friends can be certain: The United States will not retreat from the world, and we will never surrender to evil. America rejects the false mfort of isolationism. We are the nation that saved liberty in Europe and liberated death camps and helped raise up democracies and faced down an evil empire. Once again, we accept the call of history to deliver the oppressed and move this world toward peace. We remain on the offensive against terror networks. We have killed or captured many of their leaders. And for the others, their day will me. We remain on the offensive in Afghanistan, where a fine President and a National Assembly are fighting terror while building the institutions of a new democracy. We're on the offensive in Iraq with a clear plan for victory. First, we're helping Iraqis build an inclusive government, so that old resentments will be eased and the insurgency will be marginalized. Send, we're ntinuing renstruction efforts and helping the Iraqi Government to fight rruption and build a modern enomy, so all Iraqis can experience the benefits of freedom. And third, we're striking terrorist targets while we train Iraqi forces that are increasingly capable of defeating the enemy. Iraqis are showing their urage every day, and we are proud to be their allies in the cause of freedom. Our work in Iraq is difficult because our enemy is brutal. But that brutality has not stopped the dramatic progress of a new democracy. In less than years, the nation has gone from dictatorship to liberation, to sovereignty, to a Constitution, to national elections. At the same time, our alition has been relentless in shutting off terrorist infiltration, clearing out insurgent strongholds, and turning over territory to Iraqi security forces. I am nfident in our plan for victory; I am nfident in the will of the Iraqi people; I am nfident in the skill and spirit of our military. Fellow citizens, we are in this fight to win, and we are winning. The road of victory is the road that will take our troops home. As we make progress on the ground and Iraqi forces increasingly take the lead, we should be able to further decrease our troop levels. But those decisions will be made by our military mmanders, not by politicians in Washington, DC. Our alition has learned from our experience in Iraq. We've adjusted our military tactics and changed our approach to renstruction. Along the way, we have benefited from responsible criticism and unsel offered by Members of Congress of both parties. In the ming year, I will ntinue to reach out and seek your good advice. Yet there is a difference between responsible criticism that aims for success and defeatism that refuses to acknowledge anything but failure. Hindsight alone is not wisdom, and send-guessing is not a strategy. With so much in the balance, those of us in public office have a duty to speak with candor. A sudden withdrawal of our forces from Iraq would abandon our Iraqi allies to death and prison, would put men like bin Laden and Zarqawi in charge of a strategic untry, and show that a pledge from America means little. Members of Congress, however we feel about the decisions and debates of the past, our Nation has only one option: We must keep our word, defeat our enemies, and stand behind the American military in this vital mission. Our men and women in uniform are making sacrifices and showing a sense of duty stronger than all fear. They know what it's like to fight house to house in a maze of streets, to wear heavy gear in the desert heat, to see a mrade killed by a roadside bomb. And those who know the sts also know the stakes. Marine Staff Sergeant Dan Clay was killed last month fighting in Fallujah. He left behind a letter to his family, but his words uld just as well be addressed to every American. Here is what Dan wrote: I know what honor is— it has been an honor to protect and serve all of you. I faced death with the secure knowledge that you would not have to. Never falter. Don't hesitate to honor and support those of us who have the honor of protecting that which is worth protecting." Staff Sergeant Dan Clay's wife, Lisa, and his mom and dad, Sara Jo and Bud, are with us this evening. Welme. Our Nation is grateful to the fallen, who live in the memory of our untry. We're grateful to all who volunteer to wear our Nation's uniform. And as we honor our brave troops, let us never forget the sacrifices of America's military families. Our offensive against terror involves more than military action. Ultimately, the only way to defeat the terrorists is to defeat their dark vision of hatred and fear by offering the hopeful alternative of political freedom and peaceful change. So the United States of America supports democratic reform across the broader Middle East. Elections are vital, but they are only the beginning. Raising up a democracy requires the rule of law and protection of minorities and strong, acuntable institutions that last longer than a single vote. The great people of Egypt have voted in a multiparty Presidential election, and now their Government should open paths of peaceful opposition that will reduce the appeal of radicalism. The Palestinian people have voted in elections, and now the leaders of Hamas must regnize Israel, disarm, reject terrorism, and work for lasting peace. Saudi Arabia has taken the first steps of reform; now it can offer its people a better future by pressing forward with those efforts. Democracies in the Middle East will not look like our own, because they will reflect the traditions of their own citizens. Yet liberty is the future of every nation in the Middle East because liberty is the right and hope of all humanity. The same is true of Iran, a nation now held hostage by a small clerical elite that is isolating and repressing its people. The regime in that untry sponsors terrorists in the Palestinian territories and in Lebanon, and that must me to an end. The Iranian Government is defying the world with its nuclear ambitions, and the nations of the world must not permit the Iranian regime to gain nuclear weapons. America will ntinue to rally the world to nfront these threats. Tonight let me speak directly to the citizens of Iran: America respects you, and we respect your untry. We respect your right to choose your own future and win your own freedom. And our Nation hopes one day to be the closest of friends with a free and democratic Iran. To overme dangers in our world, we must also take the offensive by enuraging enomic progress and fighting disease and spreading hope in hopeless lands. Isolationism would not only tie our hands in fighting enemies, it would keep us from helping our friends in desperate need. We show mpassion abroad because Americans believe in the God-given dignity and worth of a villager with HIV/AIDS or an infant with malaria or a refugee fleeing genocide or a young girl sold into slavery. We also show mpassion abroad because regions overwhelmed by poverty, rruption, and despair are sources of terrorism and organized crime and human trafficking and the drug trade. In recent years, you and I have taken unprecedented action to fight AIDS and malaria, expand the education of girls, and reward developing nations that are moving forward with enomic and political reform. For people everywhere, the United States is a partner for a better life. Shortchanging these efforts would increase the suffering and chaos of our world, undercut our long-term security, and dull the nscience of our untry. I urge Members of Congress to serve the interests of America by showing the mpassion of America. Our untry must also remain on the offensive against terrorism here at home. The enemy has not lost the desire or capability to attack us. Fortunately, this Nation has superb professionals in law enforcement, intelligence, the military, and homeland security. These men and women are dedicating their lives, protecting us all, and they deserve our support and our thanks. They also deserve the same tools they already use to fight drug trafficking and organized crime, so I ask you to reauthorize the PATRIOT Act. It is said that prior to the attacks of September the th, our Government failed to nnect the dots of the nspiracy. We now know that two of the hijackers in the United States placed telephone calls to Al Qaida operatives overseas. But we did not know about their plans until it was too late. So to prevent another attack—based on authority given to me by the Constitution and by statute—I have authorized a terrorist surveillance program to aggressively pursue the international mmunications of suspected Al Qaida operatives and affiliates to and from America. Previous Presidents have used the same nstitutional authority I have, and Federal urts have approved the use of that authority. Appropriate Members of Congress have been kept informed. The terrorist surveillance program has helped prevent terrorist attacks. It remains essential to the security of America. If there are people inside our untry who are talking with Al Qaida, we want to know about it, because we will not sit back and wait to be hit again. In all these areas—from the disruption of terror networks, to victory in Iraq, to the spread of freedom and hope in troubled regions—we need the support of our friends and allies. To draw that support, we must always be clear in our principles and willing to act. The only alternative to American leadership is a dramatically more dangerous and anxious world. Yet we also choose to lead because it is a privilege to serve the values that gave us birth. American leaders—from Roosevelt to Truman to Kennedy to Reagan—rejected isolation and retreat, because they knew that America is always more secure when freedom is on the march. Our own generation is in a long war against a determined enemy, a war that will be fought by Presidents of both parties who will need steady bipartisan support from the Congress. And tonight I ask for yours. Together, let us protect our untry, support the men and women who defend us, and lead this world toward freedom. Here at home, America also has a great opportunity: We will build the prosperity of our untry by strengthening our enomic leadership in the world. Our enomy is healthy and vigorous and growing faster than other major industrialized nations. In the last / years, America has created . million new jobs, more than Japan and the European Union mbined. Even in the face of higher energy prices and natural disasters, the American people have turned in an enomic performance that is the envy of the world. The American enomy is preeminent, but we cannot afford to be mplacent. In a dynamic world enomy, we are seeing new mpetitors like China and India, and this creates uncertainty, which makes it easier to feed people's fears. So we're seeing some old temptations return. Protectionists want to escape mpetition, pretending that we can keep our high standard of living while walling off our enomy. Others say that the government needs to take a larger role in directing the enomy, centralizing more power in Washington and increasing taxes. We hear claims that immigrants are somehow bad for the enomy, even though this enomy uld not function without them. All these are forms of enomic retreat, and they lead in the same direction, toward a stagnant and send-rate enomy. Tonight I will set out a better path: an agenda for a nation that mpetes with nfidence; an agenda that will raise standards of living and generate new jobs. Americans should not fear our enomic future because we intend to shape it. Keeping America mpetitive begins with keeping our enomy growing. And our enomy grows when Americans have more of their own money to spend, save, and invest. In the last years, the tax relief you passed has left billion in the hands of American workers, investors, small businesses, and families. And they have used it to help produce more than years of uninterrupted enomic growth. Yet the tax relief is set to expire in the next few years. If we do nothing, American families will face a massive tax increase they do not expect and will not welme. Because America needs more than a temporary expansion, we need more than temporary tax relief, I urge the Congress to act responsibly and make the tax cuts permanent. Keeping America mpetitive requires us to be good stewards of tax dollars. Every year of my Presidency, we've reduced the growth of nonsecurity discretionary spending, and last year, you passed bills that cut this spending. This year, my budget will cut it again and reduce or eliminate more than programs that are performing poorly or not fulfilling essential priorities. By passing these reforms, we will save the American taxpayer another billion next year and stay on track to cut the deficit in half by . I am pleased that Members of Congress are working on earmark reform, because the Federal budget has too many special interest projects. And we can tackle this problem together, if you pass the line-item veto. We must also nfront the larger challenge of mandatory spending, or entitlements. This year, the first of about million baby boomers turn , including two of my dad's favorite people—me and President Clinton. Laughter] This milestone is more than a personal crisis—[laughter]— it is a national challenge. The retirement of the baby boom generation will put unprecedented strains on the Federal Government. By , spending for Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid alone will be almost percent of the entire Federal budget. And that will present future Congresses with impossible choices: staggering tax increases, immense deficits, or deep cuts in every category of spending. Congress did not act last year on my proposal to save Social Security, yet the rising st of entitlements is a problem that is not going away. And every year we fail to act, the situation gets worse. So tonight I ask you to join me in creating a mmission to examine the full impact of baby boom retirements on Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. This mmission should include Members of Congress of both parties and offer bipartisan solutions. We need to put aside partisan politics and work together and get this problem solved. Keeping America mpetitive requires us to open more markets for all that Americans make and grow. One out of every five factory jobs in America is related to global trade, and we want people everywhere to buy American. With open markets and a level playing field, no one can outproduce or outmpete the American worker. Keeping America mpetitive requires an immigration system that upholds our laws, reflects our values, and serves the interests of our enomy. Our Nation needs orderly and secure borders. To meet this goal, we must have stronger immigration enforcement and border protection. And we must have a rational, humane guest-worker program that rejects amnesty, allows temporary jobs for people who seek them legally, and reduces smuggling and crime at the border. Keeping America mpetitive requires affordable health care. Our Government has a responsibility to provide health care for the poor and the elderly, and we are meeting that responsibility. For all Americans, we must nfront the rising st of care, strengthen the doctor-patient relationship, and help people afford the insurance verage they need. We will make wider use of electronic rerds and other health information technology to help ntrol sts and reduce dangerous medical errors. We will strengthen health savings acunts, making sure individuals and small-business employees can buy insurance with the same advantages that people working for big businesses now get. We will do more to make this verage portable, so workers can switch jobs without having to worry about losing their health insurance. And because lawsuits are driving many good doctors out of practice, leaving women in nearly , American unties without a single ob-gyn, I ask the Congress to pass medical liability reform this year. Keeping America mpetitive requires affordable energy. And here we have a serious problem: America is addicted to oil, which is often imported from unstable parts of the world. The best way to break this addiction is through technology. Since , we have spent nearly billion to develop cleaner, cheaper, and more reliable alternative energy sources. And we are on the threshold of incredible advances. So tonight I announce the Advanced Energy Initiative—a -percent increase in clean-energy research at the Department of Energy—to push for breakthroughs in two vital areas. To change how we power our homes and offices, we will invest more in zero-emission al-fired plants, revolutionary solar and wind technologies, and clean, safe nuclear energy. We must also change how we power our automobiles. We will increase our research in better batteries for hybrid and electric cars and in pollution-free cars that run on hydrogen. We'll also fund additional research in cutting-edge methods of producing ethanol, not just from rn but from wood chips and stalks or switchgrass. Our goal is to make this new kind of ethanol practical and mpetitive within years. Breakthroughs on this and other new technologies will help us reach another great goal: to replace more than percent of our oil imports from the Middle East by . By applying the talent and technology of America, this untry can dramatically improve our environment, move beyond a petroleum-based enomy, and make our dependence on Middle Eastern oil a thing of the past. And to keep America mpetitive, one mmitment is necessary above all: We must ntinue to lead the world in human talent and creativity. Our greatest advantage in the world has always been our educated, hard-working, ambitious people. And we're going to keep that edge. Tonight I announce an American Competitiveness Initiative to enurage innovation throughout our enomy and to give our Nation's children a firm grounding in math and science. First, I propose to double the Federal mmitment to the most critical basic research programs in the physical sciences over the next years. This funding will support the work of America's most creative minds as they explore promising areas such as nanotechnology, supermputing, and alternative energy sources. Send, I propose to make permanent the research and development tax credit to enurage bolder private sector initiative in technology. With more research in both the public and private sectors, we will improve our quality of life and ensure that America will lead the world in opportunity and innovation for decades to me. Third, we need to enurage children to take more math and science, and to make sure those urses are rigorous enough to mpete with other nations. We've made a good start in the early grades with the No Child Left Behind Act, which is raising standards and lifting test sres across our untry. Tonight I propose to train , high school teachers to lead Advanced Placement urses in math and science, bring , math and science professionals to teach in classrooms, and give early help to students who struggle with math, so they have a better chance at good, high-wage jobs. If we ensure that America's children succeed in life, they will ensure that America succeeds in the world. Preparing our Nation to mpete in the world is a goal that all of us can share. I urge you to support the American Competitiveness Initiative, and together we will show the world what the American people can achieve. America is a great force for freedom and prosperity. Yet our greatness is not measured in power or luxuries but by who we are and how we treat one another. So we strive to be a mpassionate, decent, hopeful society. In recent years, America has beme a more hopeful nation. Violent crime rates have fallen to their lowest levels since the s. Welfare cases have dropped by more than half over the past decade. Drug use among youth is down percent since . There are fewer abortions in America than at any point in the last three decades, and the number of children born to teenage mothers has been falling for a dozen years in a row. These gains are evidence of a quiet transformation, a revolution of nscience, in which a rising generation is finding that a life of personal responsibility is a life of fulfillment. Government has played a role. Wise policies, such as welfare reform and drug education and support for abstinence and adoption have made a difference in the character of our untry. And everyone here tonight, Democrat and Republican, has a right to be proud of this rerd. Yet many Americans, especially parents, still have deep ncerns about the direction of our culture and the health of our most basic institutions. They're ncerned about unethical nduct by public officials and disuraged by activist urts that try to redefine marriage. They worry about children in our society who need direction and love, and about fellow citizens still displaced by natural disaster, and about suffering caused by treatable diseases. As we look at these challenges, we must never give in to the belief that America is in decline or that our culture is doomed to unravel. The American people know better than that. We have proven the pessimists wrong before, and we will do it again. A hopeful society depends on urts that deliver equal justice under the law. The Supreme Court now has two superb new members on its bench, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Sam Alito. I thank the Senate for nfirming both of them. I will ntinue to nominate men and women who understand that judges must be servants of the law and not legislate from the bench. Today marks the official retirement of a very special American. For years of faithful service to our Nation, the United States is grateful to Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. A hopeful society has institutions of science and medicine that do not cut ethical rners and that regnize the matchless value of every life. Tonight I ask you to pass legislation to prohibit the most egregious abuses of medical research: human cloning in all its forms; creating or implanting embryos for experiments; creating human-animal hybrids; and buying, selling, or patenting human embryos. Human life is a gift from our Creator, and that gift should never be discarded, devalued, or put up for sale. A hopeful society expects elected officials to uphold the public trust. Honorable people in both parties are working on reforms to strengthen the ethical standards of Washington. I support your efforts. Each of us has made a pledge to be worthy of public responsibility, and that is a pledge we must never forget, never dismiss, and never betray. As we renew the promise of our institutions, let us also show the character of America in our mpassion and care for one another. A hopeful society gives special attention to children who lack direction and love. Through the Helping America's Youth Initiative, we are enuraging caring adults to get involved in the life of a child. And this good work is being led by our First Lady, Laura Bush. This year, we will add resources to enurage young people to stay in school, so more of America's youth can raise their sights and achieve their dreams. A hopeful society mes to the aid of fellow citizens in times of suffering and emergency and stays at it until they're back on their feet. So far the Federal Government has mmitted billion to the people of the gulf ast and New Orleans. We're removing debris and repairing highways and rebuilding stronger levees. We're providing business loans and housing assistance. Yet as we meet these immediate needs, we must also address deeper challenges that existed before the storm arrived. In New Orleans and in other places, many of our fellow citizens have felt excluded from the promise of our untry. The answer is not only temporary relief but schools that teach every child and job skills that bring upward mobility and more opportunities to own a home and start a business. As we rever from a disaster, let us also work for the day when all Americans are protected by justice, equal in hope, and rich in opportunity. A hopeful society acts boldly to fight diseases like HIV/AIDS, which can be prevented and treated and defeated. More than a million Americans live with HIV, and half of all AIDS cases occur among African Americans. I ask Congress to reform and reauthorize the Ryan White Act and provide new funding to States, so we end the waiting lists for AIDS medicines in America. We will also lead a nationwide effort, working closely with African American churches and faith-based groups, to deliver rapid HIV tests to millions, end the stigma of AIDS, and me closer to the day when there are no new infections in America. Fellow citizens, we've been called to leadership in a period of nsequence. We've entered a great ideological nflict we did nothing to invite. We see great changes in science and mmerce that will influence all our lives. Sometimes it can seem that history is turning in a wide arc toward an unknown shore. Yet the destination of history is determined by human action, and every great movement of history mes to a point of choosing. Linln uld have accepted peace at the st of disunity and ntinued slavery. Martin Luther King uld have stopped at Birmingham or at Selma and achieved only half a victory over segregation. The United States uld have accepted the permanent division of Europe and been mplicit in the oppression of others. Today, having me far in our own historical journey, we must decide: Will we turn back or finish well? Before history is written down in books, it is written in urage. Like Americans before us, we will show that urage, and we will finish well. We will lead freedom's advance. We will mpete and excel in the global enomy. We will renew the defining moral mmitments of this land. And so we move forward, optimistic about our untry, faithful to its cause, and nfident of the victories to me. May God bless America. As a new Congress gathers, all of us in the elected branches of Government share a great privilege: We've been placed in office by the votes of the people we serve. And tonight that is a privilege we share with newly elected leaders of Afghanistan, the Palestinian Territories, Ukraine, and a free and sovereign Iraq. Two weeks ago, I stood on the steps of this Capitol and renewed the mmitment of our Nation to the guiding ideal of liberty for all. This evening I will set forth policies to advance that ideal at home and around the world. Tonight, with a healthy, growing enomy, with more Americans going back to work, with our Nation an active force for good in the world, the state of our Union is nfident and strong. Our generation has been blessed by the expansion of opportunity, by advances in medicine, by the security purchased by our parents' sacrifice. Now, as we see a little gray in the mirror—or a lot of gray— laughter]—and we watch our children moving into adulthood, we ask the question: What will be the state of their Union? Members of Congress, the choices we make together will answer that question. Over the next several months, on issue after issue, let us do what Americans have always done and build a better world for our children and our grandchildren. First, we must be good stewards of this enomy and renew the great institutions on which millions of our fellow citizens rely. America's enomy is the fastest growing of any major industrialized nation. In the past years, we've provided tax relief to every person who pays inme taxes, overme a recession, opened up new markets abroad, prosecuted rporate criminals, raised homeownership to its highest level in history. And in the last year alone, the United States has added . million new jobs. When action was needed, the Congress delivered, and the Nation is grateful. Now we must add to these achievements. By making our enomy more flexible, more innovative, and more mpetitive, we will keep America the enomic leader of the world. America's prosperity requires restraining the spending appetite of the Federal Government. I welme the bipartisan enthusiasm for spending discipline. I will send you a budget that holds the growth of discretionary spending below inflation, makes tax relief permanent, and stays on track to cut the deficit in half by . My budget substantially reduces or eliminates more than Government programs that are not getting results or duplicate current efforts or do not fulfill essential priorities. The principle here is clear: Taxpayer dollars must be spent wisely or not at all. To make our enomy stronger and more dynamic, we must prepare a rising generation to fill the jobs of the st century. Under the No Child Left Behind Act, standards are higher, test sres are on the rise, and we're closing the achievement gap for minority students. Now we must demand better results from our high schools, so every high school diploma is a ticket to success. We will help an additional , workers to get training for a better career by reforming our job training system and strengthening America's mmunity lleges. And we'll make it easier for Americans to afford a llege education by increasing the size of Pell grants. To make our enomy stronger and more mpetitive, America must reward, not punish, the efforts and dreams of entrepreneurs. Small business is the path of advancement, especially for women and minorities, so we must free small businesses from needless regulation and protect honest job-creators from junk lawsuits. Justice is distorted and our enomy is held back by irresponsible class actions and frivolous asbestos claims, and I urge Congress to pass legal reforms this year. To make our enomy stronger and more productive, we must make health care more affordable and give families greater access to good verage and more ntrol over their health decisions. I ask Congress to move forward on a mprehensive health care agenda with tax credits to help low-inme workers buy insurance, a mmunity health center in every poor unty, improved information technology to prevent medical error and needless sts, association health plans for small businesses and their employees, expanded health savings acunts, and medical liability reform that will reduce health care sts and make sure patients have the doctors and care they need. To keep our enomy growing, we also need reliable supplies of affordable, environmentally responsible energy. Nearly years ago, I submitted a mprehensive energy strategy that enurages nservation, alternative sources, a modernized electricity grid, and more production here at home, including safe, clean nuclear energy. My Clear Skies legislation will cut powerplant pollution and improve the health of our citizens. And my budget provides strong funding for leading-edge technology, from hydrogen-fueled cars to clean al to renewable sources such as ethanol. Four years of debate is enough. I urge Congress to pass legislation that makes America more secure and less dependent on foreign energy. All these proposals are essential to expand this enomy and add new jobs, but they are just the beginning of our duty. To build the prosperity of future generations, we must update institutions that were created to meet the needs of an earlier time. Year after year, Americans are burdened by an archaic, inherent Federal Tax Code. I've appointed a bipartisan panel to examine the Tax Code from top to bottom. And when their remmendations are delivered, you and I will work together to give this Nation a Tax Code that is progrowth, easy to understand, and fair to all. America's immigration system is also outdated, unsuited to the needs of our enomy and to the values of our untry. We should not be ntent with laws that punish hard-working people who want only to provide for their families and deny businesses willing workers and invite chaos at our border. It is time for an immigration policy that permits temporary-guest workers to fill jobs Americans will not take, that rejects amnesty, that tells us who is entering and leaving our untry, and that closes the border to drug dealers and terrorists. One of America's most important institutions, a symbol of the trust between generations, is also in need of wise and effective reform. Social Security was a great moral success of the th century, and we must honor its great purposes in this new century. The system, however, on its current path, is headed toward bankruptcy. And so we must join together to strengthen and save Social Security. Today, more than million Americans receive Social Security benefits, and millions more are nearing retirement. And for them the system is sound and fiscally strong. I have a message for every American who is or older: Do not let anyone mislead you; for you, the Social Security system will not change in any way. For younger workers, the Social Security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time. Social Security was created decades ago for a very different era. In those days, people did not live as long. Benefits were much lower than they are today. And a half century ago, about workers paid into the system for each person drawing benefits. Our society has changed in ways the founders of Social Security uld not have foreseen. In today's world, people are living longer and, therefore, drawing benefits longer. And those benefits are scheduled to rise dramatically over the next few decades. And instead of workers paying in for every beneficiary, right now it's only about workers. And over the next few decades, that number will fall to just workers per beneficiary. With each passing year, fewer workers are paying ever-higher benefits to an ever-larger number of retirees. So here is the result: Thirteen years from now, in , Social Security will be paying out more than it takes in. And every year afterward will bring a new shortfall, bigger than the year before. For example, in the year , the Government will somehow have to me up with an extra billion to keep the system afloat, and by , the annual shortfall would be more than billion. By the year , the entire system would be exhausted and bankrupt. If steps are not taken to avert that outme, the only solutions would be dramatically higher taxes, massive new borrowing, or sudden and severe cuts in Social Security benefits or other Government programs. I regnize that and may seem a long way off. But those dates are not so distant, as any parent will tell you. If you have a -year-old, you're already ncerned about how you'll pay for llege tuition years down the road. If you've got children in their twenties, as some of us do, the idea of Social Security llapsing before they retire does not seem like a small matter. And it should not be a small matter to the United States Congress. You and I share a responsibility. We must pass reforms that solve the financial problems of Social Security once and for all. Fixing Social Security permanently will require an open, candid review of the options. Some have suggested limiting benefits for wealthy retirees. Former Congressman Tim Penny has raised the possibility of indexing benefits to prices rather than wages. During the s, my predecessor, President Clinton, spoke of increasing the retirement age. Former Senator John Breaux suggested disuraging early llection of Social Security benefits. The late Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan remmended changing the way benefits are calculated. All these ideas are on the table. I know that none of these reforms would be easy. But we have to move ahead with urage and honesty, because our children's retirement security is more important than partisan politics. I will work with Members of Congress to find the most effective mbination of reforms. I will listen to anyone who has a good idea to offer. We must, however, be guided by some basic principles. We must make Social Security permanently sound, not leave that task for another day. We must not jeopardize our enomic strength by increasing payroll taxes. We must ensure that lower inme Americans get the help they need to have dignity and peace of mind in their retirement. We must guarantee there is no change for those now retired or nearing retirement. And we must take care that any changes in the system are gradual, so younger workers have years to prepare and plan for their future. As we fix Social Security, we also have the responsibility to make the system a better deal for younger workers. And the best way to reach that goal is through voluntary personal retirement acunts. Here is how the idea works. Right now, a set portion of the money you earn is taken out of your paycheck to pay for the Social Security benefits of today's retirees. If you're a younger worker, I believe you should be able to set aside part of that money in your own retirement acunt, so you can build a nest egg for your own future. Here's why the personal acunts are a better deal. Your money will grow over time at a greater rate than anything the current system can deliver, and your acunt will provide money for retirement over and above the check you will receive from Social Security. In addition, you'll be able to pass along the money that accumulates in your personal acunt, if you wish, to your children and—or grandchildren. And best of all, the money in the acunt is yours, and the Government can never take it away. The goal here is greater security in retirement, so we will set careful guidelines for personal acunts. We'll make sure the money can only go into a nservative mix of bonds and stock funds. We'll make sure that your earnings are not eaten up by hidden Wall Street fees. We'll make sure there are good options to protect your investments from sudden market swings on the eve of your retirement. We'll make sure a personal acunt cannot be emptied out all at once but rather paid out over time as an addition to traditional Social Security benefits. And we'll make sure this plan is fiscally responsible by starting personal retirement acunts gradually and raising the yearly limits on ntributions over time, eventually permitting all workers to set aside percentage points of their payroll taxes in their acunts. Personal retirement acunts should be familiar to Federal employees, because you already have something similar called the Thrift Savings Plan, which lets workers deposit a portion of their paychecks into any of five different broadly based investment funds. It's time to extend the same security and choice and ownership to young Americans. Our send great responsibility to our children and grandchildren is to honor and to pass along the values that sustain a free society. So many of my generation, after a long journey, have me home to family and faith and are determined to bring up responsible, moral children. Government is not the source of these values, but Government should never undermine them. Because marriage is a sacred institution and the foundation of society, it should not be redefined by activist judges. For the good of families, children, and society, I support a nstitutional amendment to protect the institution of marriage. Because a society is measured by how it treats the weak and vulnerable, we must strive to build a culture of life. Medical research can help us reach that goal by developing treatments and cures that save lives and help people overme disabilities, and I thank the Congress for doubling the funding of the National Institutes of Health. To build a culture of life, we must also ensure that scientific advances always serve human dignity, not take advantage of some lives for the benefit of others. We should all be able to agree on some clear standards. I will work with Congress to ensure that human embryos are not created for experimentation or grown for body parts and that human life is never bought or sold as a mmodity. America will ntinue to lead the world in medical research that is ambitious, aggressive, and always ethical. Because urts must always deliver impartial justice, judges have a duty to faithfully interpret the law, not legislate from the bench. As President, I have a nstitutional responsibility to nominate men and women who understand the role of urts in our democracy and are well-qualified to serve on the bench, and I have done so. The Constitution also gives the Senate a responsibility: Every judicial nominee deserves an up-or-down vote. Because one of the deepest values of our untry is mpassion, we must never turn away from any citizen who feels isolated from the opportunities of America. Our Government will ntinue to support faith-based and mmunity groups that bring hope to harsh places. Now we need to focus on giving young people, especially young men in our cities, better options than apathy or gangs or jail. Tonight I propose a -year initiative to help organizations keep young people out of gangs and show young men an ideal of manhood that respects women and rejects violence. Taking on gang life will be one part of a broader outreach to at-risk youth, which involves parents and pastors, aches and mmunity leaders in programs ranging from literacy to sports. And I am proud that the leader of this nationwide effort will be our First Lady, Laura Bush. Because HIV/AIDS brings suffering and fear into so many lives, I ask you to reauthorize the Ryan White Act to enurage prevention and provide care and treatment to the victims of that disease. And as we update this important law, we must focus our efforts on fellow citizens with the highest rates of new cases, African American men and women. Because one of the main sources of our national unity is our belief in equal justice, we need to make sure Americans of all races and backgrounds have nfidence in the system that provides justice. In America, we must make doubly sure no person is held to acunt for a crime he or she did not mmit, so we are dramatically expanding the use of DNA evidence to prevent wrongful nviction. Soon I will send to Congress a proposal to fund special training for defense unsel in capital cases, because people on trial for their lives must have mpetent lawyers by their side. Our third responsibility to future generations is to leave them an America that is safe from danger and protected by peace.We will pass along to our children all the freedoms we enjoy, and chief among them is freedom from fear. In the / years since September the th, , we have taken unprecedented actions to protect Americans. We've created a new department of Government to defend our homeland, focused the FBI on preventing terrorism, begun to reform our intelligence agencies, broken up terror cells across the untry, expanded research on defenses against biological and chemical attack, improved border security, and trained more than a half million first-responders. Police and firefighters, air marshals, researchers, and so many others are working every day to make our homeland safer, and we thank them all. Our Nation, working with allies and friends, has also nfronted the enemy abroad with measures that are determined, successful, and ntinuing. The Al Qaida terror network that attacked our untry still has leaders, but many of its top mmanders have been removed. There are still governments that sponsor and harbor terrorists, but their number has declined. There are still regimes seeking weapons of mass destruction but no longer without attention and without nsequence. Our untry is still the target of terrorists who want to kill many and intimidate us all, and we will stay on the offensive against them until the fight is won. Pursuing our enemies is a vital mmitment of the war on terror, and I thank the Congress for providing our service men and women with the resources they have needed. During this time of war, we must ntinue to support our military and give them the tools for victory. Other nations around the globe have stood with us. In Afghanistan, an international force is helping provide security. In Iraq, untries have troops on the ground, the United Nations and the European Union provided technical assistance for the elections, and NATO is leading a mission to help train Iraqi officers. We're operating with governments in the Proliferation Security Initiative to detect and stop the transit of dangerous materials. We're working closely with the governments in Asia to nvince North Korea to abandon its nuclear ambitions. Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and nine other untries have captured or detained Al Qaida terrorists. In the next years, my administration will ntinue to build the alitions that will defeat the dangers of our time. In the long term, the peace we seek will only be achieved by eliminating the nditions that feed radicalism and ideologies of murder. If whole regions of the world remain in despair and grow in hatred, they will be the recruiting grounds for terror, and that terror will stalk America and other free nations for decades. The only force powerful enough to stop the rise of tyranny and terror and replace hatred with hope is the force of human freedom. Our enemies know this, and that is why the terrorist Zarqawi recently declared war on what he called the evil principle" of democracy. And we've declared our own intention: America will stand with the allies of freedom to support democratic movements in the Middle East and beyond, with the ultimate goal of ending tyranny in our world. The United States has no right, no desire, and no intention to impose our form of government on anyone else. That is one of the main differences between us and our enemies. They seek to impose and expand an empire of oppression in which a tiny group of brutal, self-appointed rulers ntrol every aspect of every life. Our aim is to build and preserve a mmunity of free and independent nations, with governments that answer to their citizens and reflect their own cultures. And because democracies respect their own people and their neighbors, the advance of freedom will lead to peace. That advance has great momentum in our time, shown by women voting in Afghanistan and Palestinians choosing a new direction and the people of Ukraine asserting their democratic rights and electing a President. We are witnessing landmark events in the history of liberty, and in the ming years, we will add to that story. The beginnings of reform and democracy in the Palestinian Territories are now showing the power of freedom to break old patterns of violence and failure. Tomorrow morning Secretary of State Rice departs on a trip that will take her to Israel and the West Bank for meetings with Prime Minister Sharon and President Abbas. She will discuss with them how we and our friends can help the Palestinian people end terror and build the institutions of a peaceful, independent, democratic state. To promote this democracy, I will ask Congress for million to support Palestinian political, enomic, and security reforms. The goal of two democratic states, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace is within reach, and America will help them achieve that goal. To promote peace and stability in the broader Middle East, the United States will work with our friends in the region to fight the mmon threat of terror, while we enurage a higher standard of freedom. Hopeful reform is already taking hold in an arc from Moroc to Jordan to Bahrain. The Government of Saudi Arabia can demonstrate its leadership in the region by expanding the role of its people in determining their future. And the great and proud nation of Egypt, which showed the way toward peace in the Middle East, can now show the way toward democracy in the Middle East. To promote peace in the broader Middle East, we must nfront regimes that ntinue to harbor terrorists and pursue weapons of mass murder. Syria still allows its territory and parts of Lebanon to be used by terrorists who seek to destroy every chance of peace in the region. You have passed and we are applying the Syrian Acuntability Act, and we expect the Syrian Government to end all support for terror and open the door to freedom. Today, Iran remains the world's primary state sponsor of terror, pursuing nuclear weapons while depriving its people of the freedom they seek and deserve. We are working with European allies to make clear to the Iranian regime that it must give up its uranium enrichment program and any plutonium reprocessing and end its support for terror. And to the Iranian people, I say tonight: As you stand for your own liberty, America stands with you. Our generational mmitment to the advance of freedom, especially in the Middle East, is now being tested and honored in Iraq. That untry is a vital front in the war on terror, which is why the terrorists have chosen to make a stand there. Our men and women in uniform are fighting terrorists in Iraq so we do not have to face them here at home. And the victory of freedom in Iraq will strengthen a new ally in the war on terror, inspire democratic reformers from Damascus to Tehran, bring more hope and progress to a troubled region, and thereby lift a terrible threat from the lives of our children and grandchildren. We will succeed because the Iraqi people value their own liberty, as they showed the world last Sunday. Across Iraq, often at great risk, millions of citizens went to the polls and elected men and women to represent them in a new Transitional National Assembly. A young woman in Baghdad told of waking to the sound of mortar fire on election day and wondering if it might be too dangerous to vote. She said, Hearing those explosions, it occurred to me: The insurgents are weak; they are afraid of democracy; they are losing. So I got my husband and I got my parents, and we all came out and voted together." Americans regnize that spirit of liberty, because we share it. In any nation, casting your vote is an act of civic responsibility. For millions of Iraqis, it was also an act of personal urage, and they have earned the respect of us all. One of Iraq's leading democracy and human rights advocates is Safia Taleb al-Suhail. She says of her untry, We were occupied for years by Saddam Hussein. That was the real occupation. Thank you to the American people who paid the st but, most of all, to the soldiers." Eleven years ago, Safia's father was assassinated by Saddam's intelligence service. Three days ago in Baghdad, Safia was finally able to vote for the leaders of her untry, and we are honored that she is with us tonight. The terrorists and insurgents are violently opposed to democracy and will ntinue to attack it. Yet the terrorists' most powerful myth is being destroyed. The whole world is seeing that the car bombers and assassins are not only fighting alition forces; they are trying to destroy the hopes of Iraqis, expressed in free elections. And the whole world now knows that a small group of extremists will not overturn the will of the Iraqi people. We will succeed in Iraq because Iraqis are determined to fight for their own freedom and to write their own history. As Prime Minister Allawi said in his speech to Congress last September, Ordinary Iraqis are anxious to shoulder all the security burdens of our untry as quickly as possible." That is the natural desire of an independent nation, and it is also the stated mission of our alition in Iraq. The new political situation in Iraq opens a new phase of our work in that untry. At the remmendation of our mmanders on the ground and in nsultation with the Iraqi Government, we will increasingly focus our efforts on helping prepare more capable Iraqi security forces, forces with skilled officers and an effective mmand structure. As those forces beme more self-reliant and take on greater security responsibilities, America and its alition partners will increasingly be in a supporting role. In the end, Iraqis must be able to defend their own untry, and we will help that proud new nation secure its liberty. Recently an Iraqi interpreter said to a reporter, Tell America not to abandon us." He and all Iraqis can be certain: While our military strategy is adapting to circumstances, our mmitment remains firm and unchanging. We are standing for the freedom of our Iraqi friends, and freedom in Iraq will make America safer for generations to me. We will not set an artificial timetable for leaving Iraq, because that would embolden the terrorists and make them believe they can wait us out. We are in Iraq to achieve a result, a untry that is democratic, representative of all its people, at peace with its neighbors, and able to defend itself. And when that result is achieved, our men and women serving in Iraq will return home with the honor they have earned. Right now, Americans in uniform are serving at posts across the world, often taking great risks on my orders. We have given them training and equipment, and they have given us an example of idealism and character that makes every American proud. The volunteers of our military are unrelenting in battle, unwavering in loyalty, unmatched in honor and decency, and every day they're making our Nation more secure. Some of our service men and women have survived terrible injuries, and this grateful untry will do everything we can to help them rever. And we have said farewell to some very good men and women who died for our freedom and whose memory this Nation will honor forever. One name we honor is Marine Corps Sergeant Byron Norwood of Pflugerville, Texas, who was killed during the assault on Fallujah. His mom, Janet, sent me a letter and told me how much Byron loved being a marine and how proud he was to be on the frontline against terror. She wrote, When Byron was home the last time, I said that I wanted to protect him like I had since he was born. He just hugged me and said, You've done your job, Mom. Now it is my turn to protect you."' Ladies and gentlemen, with grateful hearts we honor freedom's defenders and our military families, represented here this evening by Sergeant Norwood's mom and dad, Janet and Bill Norwood. [At this point, in the First Lady's box, guest Safia Taleb al-Suhail embraced guest Janet Norwood.] In these years, Americans have seen the unfolding of large events. We have known times of sorrow and hours of uncertainty and days of victory. In all this history, even when we have disagreed, we have seen threads of purpose that unite us. The attack on freedom in our world has reaffirmed our nfidence in freedom's power to change the world. We are all part of a great venture: To extend the promise of freedom in our untry, to renew the values that sustain our liberty, and to spread the peace that freedom brings. As Franklin Roosevelt once reminded Americans, Each age is a dream that is dying, or one that is ming to birth." And we live in the untry where the biggest dreams are born. The abolition of slavery was only a dream until it was fulfilled. The liberation of Europe from fascism was only a dream until it was achieved. The fall of imperial mmunism was only a dream until, one day, it was acmplished. Our generation has dreams of its own, and we also go forward with nfidence. The road of providence is uneven and unpredictable, yet we know where it leads: It leads to freedom. Thank you, and may God bless America. As we gather tonight, hundreds of thousands of American service men and women are deployed across the world in the war on terror. By bringing hope to the oppressed and delivering justice to the violent, they are making America more secure. Each day, law enforcement personnel and intelligence officers are tracking terrorist threats; analysts are examining airline passenger lists; the men and women of our new Homeland Security Department are patrolling our asts and borders. And their vigilance is protecting America. Americans are proving once again to be the hardest working people in the world. The American enomy is growing stronger. The tax relief you passed is working. Tonight Members of Congress can take pride in the great works of mpassion and reform that skeptics had thought impossible. You're raising the standards for our public schools, and you are giving our senior citizens prescription drug verage under Medicare. We have faced serious challenges together, and now we face a choice: We can go forward with nfidence and resolve, or we can turn back to the dangerous illusion that terrorists are not plotting and outlaw regimes are no threat to us. We can press on with enomic growth and reforms in education and Medicare, or we can turn back to old policies and old divisions. We've not me all this way, through tragedy and trial and war, only to falter and leave our work unfinished. Americans are rising to the tasks of history, and they expect the same from us. In their efforts, their enterprise, and their character, the American people are showing that the state of our Union is nfident and strong. Our greatest responsibility is the active defense of the American people. Twenty-eight months have passed since September the th, —over years without an attack on American soil. And it is tempting to believe that the danger is behind us. That hope is understandable, mforting— and false. The killing has ntinued in Bali, Jakarta, Casablanca, Riyadh, Mombasa, Jerusalem, Istanbul, and Baghdad. The terrorists ntinue to plot against America and the civilized world. And by our will and urage, this danger will be defeated. Inside the United States, where the war began, we must ntinue to give our homeland security and law enforcement personnel every tool they need to defend us. And one of those essential tools is the PATRIOT Act, which allows Federal law enforcement to better share information to track terrorists, to disrupt their cells, and to seize their assets. For years, we have used similar provisions to catch embezzlers and drug traffickers. If these methods are good for hunting criminals, they are even more important for hunting terrorists. Key provisions of the PATRIOT Act are set to expire next year. The terrorist threat will not expire on that schedule. Our law enforcement needs this vital legislation to protect our citizens. You need to renew the PATRIOT Act. America is on the offensive against the terrorists who started this war. Last March, Khalid Sheik Mohammed, a mastermind of September the th, awoke to find himself in the custody of U.S. and Pakistani authorities. Last August the th brought the capture of the terrorist Hambali, who was a key player in the attack in Indonesia that killed over people. We're tracking Al Qaida around the world, and nearly two-thirds of their known leaders have now been captured or killed. Thousands of very skilled and determined military personnel are on the manhunt, going after the remaining killers who hide in cities and caves, and one by one, we will bring these terrorists to justice. As part of the offensive against terror, we are also nfronting the regimes that harbor and support terrorists and uld supply them with nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons. The United States and our allies are determined: We refuse to live in the shadow of this ultimate danger. The first to see our determination were the Taliban, who made Afghanistan the primary training base of Al Qaida killers. As of this month, that untry has a new nstitution guaranteeing free elections and full participation by women. Businesses are opening. Health care centers are being established, and the boys and girls of Afghanistan are back in school. With the help from the new Afghan army, our alition is leading aggressive raids against the surviving members of the Taliban and Al Qaida. The men and women of Afghanistan are building a nation that is free and proud and fighting terror, and America is honored to be their friend. Since we last met in this Chamber, mbat forces of the United States, Great Britain, Australia, Poland, and other untries enforced the demands of the United Nations, ended the rule of Saddam Hussein. And the people of Iraq are free. Having broken the Ba'athist regime, we face a remnant of violent Saddam supporters. Men who ran away from our troops in battle are now dispersed and attack from the shadows. These killers, joined by foreign terrorists, are a serious, ntinuing danger. Yet we're making progress against them. The once all-powerful ruler of Iraq was found in a hole and now sits in a prison cell. Of the top officials of the former regime, we have captured or killed . Our forces are on the offensive, leading over , patrols a day and nducting an average of raids a week. We are dealing with these thugs in Iraq just as surely as we dealt with Saddam Hussein's evil regime. The work of building a new Iraq is hard, and it is right. And America has always been willing to do what it takes for what is right. Last January, Iraq's only law was the whim of one brutal man. Today, our alition is working with the Iraqi Governing Council to draft a basic law with a bill of rights. We're working with Iraqis and the United Nations to prepare for a transition to full Iraqi sovereignty by the end of June. As democracy takes hold in Iraq, the enemies of freedom will do all in their power to spread violence and fear. They are trying to shake the will of our untry and our friends, but the United States of America will never be intimidated by thugs and assassins. The killers will fail, and the Iraqi people will live in freedom. Month by month, Iraqis are assuming more responsibility for their own security and their own future. And tonight we are honored to welme one of Iraq's most respected leaders, the current President of the Iraqi Governing Council, Adnan Pachachi. Sir, America stands with you and the Iraqi people as you build a free and peaceful nation. Because of American leadership and resolve, the world is changing for the better. Last month, the leader of Libya voluntarily pledged to disclose and dismantle all of his regime's weapons of mass destruction programs, including a uranium enrichment project for nuclear weapons. Colonel Qadhafi rrectly judged that his untry would be better off and far more secure without weapons of mass murder. Nine months of intense negotiations involving the United States and Great Britain succeeded with Libya, while years of diplomacy with Iraq did not. And one reason is clear: For diplomacy to be effective, words must be credible, and no one can now doubt the word of America. Different threats require different strategies. Along with nations in the region, we're insisting that North Korea eliminate its nuclear program. America and the international mmunity are demanding that Iran meet its mmitments and not develop nuclear weapons. America is mmitted to keeping the world's most dangerous weapons out of the hands of the most dangerous regimes. When I came to this rostrum on September the th, , I brought the police shield of a fallen officer, my reminder of lives that ended and a task that does not end. I gave to you and to all Americans my mplete mmitment to securing our untry and defeating our enemies. And this pledge, given by one, has been kept by many. You in the Congress have provided the resources for our defense and cast the difficult votes of war and peace. Our closest allies have been unwavering. America's intelligence personnel and diplomats have been skilled and tireless. And the men and women of the American military—they have taken the hardest duty. We've seen their skill and their urage in armored charges and midnight raids and lonely hours on faithful watch. We have seen the joy when they return and felt the sorrow when one is lost. I've had the honor of meeting our service men and women at many posts, from the deck of a carrier in the Pacific to a mess hall in Baghdad. Many of our troops are listening tonight, and I want you and your families to know: America is proud of you, and my administration and this Congress will give you the resources you need to fight and win the war on terror. I know that some people question if America is really in a war at all. They view terrorism more as a crime, a problem to be solved mainly with law enforcement and indictments. After the World Trade Center was first attacked in , some of the guilty were indicted and tried and nvicted and sent to prison. But the matter was not settled. The terrorists were still training and plotting in other nations and drawing up more ambitious plans. After the chaos and carnage of September the th, it is not enough to serve our enemies with legal papers. The terrorists and their supporters declared war on the United States, and war is what they got. Some in this Chamber and in our untry did not support the liberation of Iraq. Objections to war often me from principled motives, but let us be candid about the nsequences of leaving Saddam Hussein in power. We're seeking all the facts. Already, the Kay Report identified dozens of weapons-of-mass-destruction-related program activities and significant amounts of equipment that Iraq ncealed from the United Nations. Had we failed to act, the dictator's weapons of mass destruction programs would ntinue to this day. Had we failed to act, Security Council resolutions on Iraq would have been revealed as empty threats, weakening the United Nations and enuraging defiance by dictators around the world. Iraq's torture chambers would still be filled with victims, terrified and innocent. The killing fields of Iraq, where hundreds of thousands of men and women and children vanished into the sands, would still be known only to the killers. For all who love freedom and peace, the world without Saddam Hussein's regime is a better and safer place. Some critics have said our duties in Iraq must be internationalized. This particular criticism is hard to explain to our partners in Britain, Australia, Japan, South Korea, the Philippines, Thailand, Italy, Spain, Poland, Denmark, Hungary, Bulgaria, Ukraine, Romania, the Netherlands, Norway, El Salvador, and the other untries that have mmitted troops to Iraq. As we debate at home, we must never ignore the vital ntributions of our international partners or dismiss their sacrifices. From the beginning, America has sought international support for our operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, and we have gained much support. There is a difference, however, between leading a alition of many nations and submitting to the objections of a few. America will never seek a permission slip to defend the security of our untry. We also hear doubts that democracy is a realistic goal for the greater Middle East, where freedom is rare. Yet it is mistaken and ndescending to assume that whole cultures and great religions are inmpatible with liberty and self-government. I believe that God has planted in every human heart the desire to live in freedom, and even when that desire is crushed by tyranny for decades, it will rise again. As long as the Middle East remains a place of tyranny and despair and anger, it will ntinue to produce men and movements that threaten the safety of America and our friends. So America is pursuing a forward strategy of freedom in the greater Middle East. We will challenge the enemies of reform, nfront the allies of terror, and expect a higher standard from our friend. To cut through the barriers of hateful propaganda, the Voice of America and other broadcast services are expanding their programming in Arabic and Persian, and soon a new television service will begin providing reliable news and information across the region. I will send you a proposal to double the budget of the National Endowment for Democracy and to focus its new work on the development of free elections and free markets, free press, and free labor unions in the Middle East. And above all, we will finish the historic work of democracy in Afghanistan and Iraq so those nations can light the way for others and help transform a troubled part of the world. America is a nation with a mission, and that mission mes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace, a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman. America acts in this cause with friends and allies at our side, yet we understand our special calling: This great Republic will lead the cause of freedom. In the last years, adversity has also revealed the fundamental strengths of the American enomy. We have me through recession and terrorist attack and rporate scandals and the uncertainties of war. And because you acted to stimulate our enomy with tax relief, this enomy is strong and growing stronger. You have doubled the child tax credit from to ,, reduced the marriage penalty, begun to phase out the death tax, reduced taxes on capital gains and stock dividends, cut taxes on small businesses, and you have lowered taxes for every American who pays inme taxes. Americans took those dollars and put them to work, driving this enomy forward. The pace of enomic growth in the third quarter of was the fastest in nearly years; new home nstruction, the highest in almost years; homeowner-ship rates, the highest ever. Manufacturing activity is increasing. Inflation is low. Interest rates are low. Exports are growing. Productivity is high, and jobs are on the rise. These numbers nfirm that the American people are using their money far better than Government would have, and you were right to return it. America's growing enomy is also a changing enomy. As technology transforms the way almost every job is done, America bemes more productive and workers need new skills. Much of our job growth will be found in high-skilled fields like health care and biotechnology. So we must respond by helping more Americans gain the skills to find good jobs in our new enomy. All skills begin with the basics of reading and math, which are supposed to be learned in the early grades of our schools. Yet for too long, for too many children, those skills were never mastered. By passing the No Child Left Behind Act, you have made the expectation of literacy the law of our untry. We're providing more funding for our schools, a -percent increase since . We're requiring higher standards. We are regularly testing every child on the fundamentals. We are reporting results to parents and making sure they have better options when schools are not performing. We are making progress toward excellence for every child in America. But the status quo always has defenders. Some want to undermine the No Child Left Behind Act by weakening standards and acuntability. Yet the results we require are really a matter of mmon sense: We expect third graders to read and do math at the third grade level, and that's not asking too much. Testing is the only way to identify and help students who are falling behind. This Nation will not go back to the days of simply shuffling children along from grade to grade without them learning the basics. I refuse to give up on any child, and the No Child Left Behind Act is opening the door of opportunity to all of America's children. At the same time, we must ensure that older students and adults can gain the skills they need to find work now. Many of the fastest growing occupations require strong math and science preparation and training beyond the high school level. So tonight, I propose a series of measures called Jobs for the st Century. This program will provide extra help to middle and high school students who fall behind in reading and math, expand advanced placement programs in low-inme schools, invite math and science professionals from the private sector to teach part-time in our high schools. I propose larger Pell grants for students who prepare for llege with demanding urses in high school. I propose increasing our support for America's fine mmunity lleges, so they can—I do so, so they can train workers for industries that are creating the most new jobs. By all these actions, we'll help more and more Americans to join in the growing prosperity of our untry. Job training is important, and so is job creation. We must ntinue to pursue an aggressive, progrowth enomic agenda. Congress has some unfinished business on the issue of taxes. The tax reductions you passed are set to expire. Unless you act, the unfair tax on marriage will go back up. Unless you act, millions of families will be charged more in Federal taxes for every child. Unless you act, small businesses will pay higher taxes. Unless you act, the death tax will eventually me back to life. Unless you act, Americans face a tax increase. What Congress has given, the Congress should not take away. For the sake of job growth, the tax cuts you passed should be permanent. Our agenda for jobs and growth must help small-business owners and employees with relief from needless Federal regulation and protect them from junk and frivolous lawsuits. Consumers and businesses need reliable supplies of energy to make our enomy run, so I urge you to pass legislation to modernize our electricity system, promote nservation, and make America less dependent on foreign sources of energy. My administration is promoting free and fair trade to open up new markets for America's entrepreneurs and manufacturers and farmers, to create jobs for American workers. Younger workers should have the opportunity to build a nest egg by saving part of their Social Security taxes in a personal retirement acunt. We should make the Social Security system a source of ownership for the American people. And we should limit the burden of Government on this enomy by acting as good stewards of taxpayers' dollars. In weeks, I will send you a budget that funds the war, protects the homeland, and meets important domestic needs while limiting the growth in discretionary spending to less than percent. This will require that Congress focus on priorities, cut wasteful spending, and be wise with the people's money. By doing so, we can cut the deficit in half over the next years. Tonight I also ask you to reform our immigration laws so they reflect our values and benefit our enomy. I propose a new temporary-worker program to match willing foreign workers with willing employers when no Americans can be found to fill the job. This reform will be good for our enomy because employers will find needed workers in an honest and orderly system. A temporary-worker program will help protect our homeland, allowing Border Patrol and law enforcement to focus on true threats to our national security. I oppose amnesty, because it would enurage further illegal immigration and unfairly reward those who break our laws. My temporary-worker program will preserve the citizenship path for those who respect the law while bringing millions of hard-working men and women out from the shadows of American life. Our Nation's health care system, like our enomy, is also in a time of change. Amazing medical technologies are improving and saving lives. This dramatic progress has brought its own challenge, in the rising sts of medical care and health insurance. Members of Congress, we must work together to help ntrol those sts and extend the benefits of modern medicine throughout our untry. Meeting these goals requires bipartisan effort, and months ago, you showed the way. By strengthening Medicare and adding a prescription drug benefit, you kept a basic mmitment to our seniors. You are giving them the modern medicine they deserve. Starting this year, under the law you passed, seniors can choose to receive a drug disunt card, saving them to percent off the retail price of most prescription drugs, and millions of low-inme seniors can get an additional to buy medicine. Beginning next year, seniors will have new verage for preventive screenings against diabetes and heart disease, and seniors just entering Medicare can receive wellness exams. In January of , seniors can get prescription drug verage under Medicare. For a monthly premium of about , most seniors who do not have that verage today can expect to see their drug bills cut roughly in half. Under this reform, senior citizens will be able to keep their Medicare just as it is, or they can choose a Medicare plan that fits them best, just as you, as Members of Congress, can choose an insurance plan that meets your needs. And starting this year, millions of Americans will be able to save money tax-free for their medical expenses in a health savings acunt. I signed this measure proudly, and any attempt to limit the choices of our seniors or to take away their prescription drug verage under Medicare will meet my veto. On the critical issue of health care, our goal is to ensure that Americans can choose and afford private health care verage that best fits their individual needs. To make insurance more affordable, Congress must act to address rapidly rising health care sts. Small businesses should be able to band together and negotiate for lower insurance rates, so they can ver more workers with health insurance. I urge you to pass association health plans. I ask you to give lower inme Americans a refundable tax credit that would allow millions to buy their own basic health insurance. By mputerizing health rerds, we can avoid dangerous medical mistakes, reduce sts, and improve care. To protect the doctor-patient relationship and keep good doctors doing good work, we must eliminate wasteful and frivolous medical lawsuits. And tonight I propose that individuals who buy catastrophic health care verage as part of our new health savings acunts be allowed to deduct percent of the premiums from their taxes. A Government-run health care system is the wrong prescription. By keeping sts under ntrol, expanding access, and helping more Americans afford verage, we will preserve the system of private medicine that makes America's health care the best in the world. We are living in a time of great change in our world, in our enomy, in science and medicine. Yet some things endure: urage and mpassion, reverence and integrity, respect for differences of faith and race. The values we try to live by never change, and they are instilled in us by fundamental institutions such as families and schools and religious ngregations. These institutions, these unseen pillars of civilization, must remain strong in America, and we will defend them. We must stand with our families to help them raise healthy, responsible children. When it mes to helping children make right choices, there is work for all of us to do. One of the worst decisions our children can make is to gamble their lives and futures on drugs. Our Government is helping parents nfront this problem with aggressive education, treatment, and law enforcement. Drug use in high school has declined by percent over the last years. Four hundred thousand fewer young people are using illegal drugs than in the year . In my budget, I propose new funding to ntinue our aggressive, mmunity-based strategy to reduce demand for illegal drugs. Drug testing in our schools has proven to be an effective part of this effort. So tonight I propose an additional million for schools that want to use drug testing as a tool to save children's lives. The aim here is not to punish children but to send them this message: We love you, and we do not want to lose you. To help children make right choices, they need good examples. Athletics play such an important role in our society, but unfortunately, some in professional sports are not setting much of an example. The use of performance-enhancing drugs like steroids in baseball, football, and other sports is dangerous, and it sends the wrong message, that there are shortcuts to acmplishment and that performance is more important than character. So tonight I call on team owners, union representatives, aches, and players to take the lead, to send the right signal, to get tough, and to get rid of steroids now. To enurage right choices, we must be willing to nfront the dangers young people face, even when they're difficult to talk about. Each year, about million teenagers ntract sexually transmitted diseases that can harm them or kill them or prevent them from ever beming parents. In my budget, I propose a grassroots campaign to help inform families about these medical risks. We will double Federal funding for abstinence programs, so schools can teach this fact of life: Abstinence for young people is the only certain way to avoid sexually transmitted diseases. Decisions children now make can affect their health and character for the rest of their lives. All of us, parents and schools and government, must work together to unter the negative influence of the culture and to send the right messages to our children. A strong America must also value the institution of marriage. I believe we should respect individuals as we take a principled stand for one of the most fundamental, enduring institutions of our civilization. Congress has already taken a stand on this issue by passing the Defense of Marriage Act, signed in by President Clinton. That statute protects marriage under Federal law as a union of a man and a woman and declares that one State may not redefine marriage for other States. Activist judges, however, have begun redefining marriage by urt order, without regard for the will of the people and their elected representatives. On an issue of such great nsequence, the people's voice must be heard. If judges insist on forcing their arbitrary will upon the people, the only alternative left to the people would be the nstitutional process. Our Nation must defend the sanctity of marriage. The outme of this debate is important, and so is the way we nduct it. The same moral tradition that defines marriage also teaches that each individual has dignity and value in God's sight. It's also important to strengthen our mmunities by unleashing the mpassion of America's religious institutions. Religious charities of every creed are doing some of the most vital work in our untry: mentoring children, feeding the hungry, taking the hand of the lonely. Yet Government has often denied social service grants and ntracts to these groups, just because they have a cross or a Star of David or a crescent on the wall. By Executive order, I have opened billions of dollars in grant money to mpetition that includes faith-based charities. Tonight I ask you to dify this into law, so people of faith can know that the law will never discriminate against them again. In the past, we've worked together to bring mentors to children of prisoners and provide treatment for the addicted and help for the homeless. Tonight I ask you to nsider another group of Americans in need of help. This year, some , inmates will be released from prison back into society. We know from long experience that if they can't find work or a home or help, they are much more likely to mmit crime and return to prison. So tonight I propose a -year, million prisoner reentry initiative to expand job training and placement services, to provide transitional housing, and to help newly released prisoners get mentoring, including from faith-based groups. America is the land of send chance, and when the gates of the prison open, the path ahead should lead to a better life. For all Americans, the last years have brought tests we did not ask for and achievements shared by all. By our actions, we have shown what kind of nation we are. In grief, we have found the grace to go on. In challenge, we redisvered the urage and daring of a free people. In victory, we have shown the noble aims and good heart of America. And having me this far, we sense that we live in a time set apart. I've been witness to the character of the people of America, who have shown calm in times of danger, mpassion for one another, and toughness for the long haul. All of us have been partners in a great enterprise. And even some of the youngest understand that we are living in historic times. Last month a girl in Linln, Rhode Island, sent me a letter. It began, Dear George W. Bush. If there's anything you know I, Ashley Pearson, age , can do to help anyone, please send me a letter and tell me what I can do to save our untry." She added this P.S.: If you can send a letter to the troops, please put, Ashley Pearson believes in you."' Tonight, Ashley, your message to our troops has just been nveyed. And yes, you have some duties yourself: Study hard in school; listen to your mom or dad; help someone in need; and when you and your friends see a man or woman in uniform, say, Thank you." And Ashley, while you do your part, all of us here in this great Chamber will do our best to keep you and the rest of America safe and free. My fellow citizens, we now move forward with nfidence and faith. Our Nation is strong and steadfast. The cause we serve is right, because it is the cause of all mankind. The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable, and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to me, we can know that His purposes are just and true. May God ntinue to bless America. You and I serve our untry in a time of great nsequence. During this session of Congress, we have the duty to reform domestic programs vital to our untry. We have the opportunity to save millions of lives abroad from a terrible disease. We will work for a prosperity that is broadly shared, and we will answer every danger and every enemy that threatens the American people. In all these days of promise and days of reckoning, we can be nfident. In a whirlwind of change and hope and peril, our faith is sure; our resolve is firm; and our Union is strong. This untry has many challenges. We will not deny, we will not ignore, we will not pass along our problems to other Congresses, to other Presidents, and other generations. We will nfront them with focus and clarity and urage. During the last years, we have seen what can be acmplished when we work together. To lift the standards of our public schools, we achieved historic education reform, which must now be carried out in every school and in every classroom so that every child in America can read and learn and succeed in life. To protect our untry, we reorganized our Government and created the Department of Homeland Security, which is mobilizing against the threats of a new era. To bring our enomy out of recession, we delivered the largest tax relief in a generation. To insist on integrity in American business, we passed tough reforms, and we are holding rporate criminals to acunt. Some might call this a good rerd. I call it a good start. Tonight I ask the House and the Senate to join me in the next bold steps to serve our fellow citizens. Our first goal is clear: We must have an enomy that grows fast enough to employ every man and woman who seeks a job. After recession, terrorist attacks, rporate scandals, and stock market declines, our enomy is revering. Yet, it's not growing fast enough or strongly enough. With unemployment rising, our Nation needs more small businesses to open, more mpanies to invest and expand, more employers to put up the sign that says Help Wanted." Jobs are created when the enomy grows. The enomy grows when Americans have more money to spend and invest, and the best and fairest way to make sure Americans have that money is not to tax it away in the first place. I am proposing that all the inme-tax reductions set for and be made permanent and effective this year. And under my plan, as soon as I've signed the bill, this extra money will start showing up in workers' paychecks. Instead of gradually reducing the marriage penalty, we should do it now. Instead of slowly raising the child credit to ,, we should send the checks to American families now. The tax relief is for everyone who pays inme taxes, and it will help our enomy immediately. Ninety-two million Americans will keep, this year, an average of almost , more of their own money. A family of four with an inme of , would see their Federal inme taxes fall from , to per year. Our plan will improve the bottom line for more than million small businesses. You, the Congress, have already passed all these reductions and promised them for future years. If this tax relief is good for Americans or or years from now, it is even better for Americans today. We should also strengthen the enomy by treating investors equally in our tax laws. It's fair to tax a mpany's profits. It is not fair to again tax the shareholder on the same profits. To boost investor nfidence and to help the nearly million seniors who receive dividend inme, I ask you to end the unfair double taxation of dividends. Lower taxes and greater investment will help this enomy expand. More jobs mean more taxpayers and higher revenues to our Government. The best way to address the deficit and move toward a balanced budget is to enurage enomic growth and to show some spending discipline in Washington, DC. We must work together to fund only our most important priorities. I will send you a budget that increases discretionary spending by percent next year, about as much as the average family's inme is expected to grow. And that is a good benchmark for us. Federal spending should not rise any faster than the paychecks of American families. A growing enomy and a focus on essential priorities will be crucial to the future of Social Security. As we ntinue to work together to keep Social Security sound and reliable, we must offer younger workers a chance to invest in retirement acunts that they will ntrol and they will own. Our send goal is high quality, affordable health for all Americans. The American system of medicine is a model of skill and innovation, with a pace of disvery that is adding good years to our lives. Yet for many people, medical care sts too much, and many have no health verage at all. These problems will not be solved with a nationalized health care system that dictates verage and rations care. Instead, we must work toward a system in which all Americans have a good insurance policy, choose their own doctors, and seniors and low-inme Americans receive the help they need. Instead of bureaucrats and trial lawyers and HMOs, we must put doctors and nurses and patients back in charge of American medicine. Health care reform must begin with Medicare. Medicare is the binding mmitment of a caring society. We must renew that mmitment by giving seniors access to preventive medicine and new drugs that are transforming health care in America. Seniors happy with the current Medicare system should be able to keep their verage just the way it is. And just like you, the Members of Congress, and your staffs and other Federal employees, all seniors should have the choice of a health care plan that provides prescription drugs. My budget will mmit an additional billion over the next decade to reform and strengthen Medicare. Leaders of both political parties have talked for years about strengthening Medicare. I urge the Members of this new Congress to act this year. To improve our health care system, we must address one of the prime causes of higher st, the nstant threat that physicians and hospitals will be unfairly sued. Because of excessive litigation, everybody pays more for health care, and many parts of America are losing fine doctors. No one has ever been healed by a frivolous lawsuit. I urge the Congress to pass medical liability reform. Our third goal is to promote energy independence for our untry while dramatically improving the environment. I have sent you a mprehensive energy plan to promote energy efficiency and nservation, to develop cleaner technology, and to produce more energy at home. I have sent you Clear Skies legislation that mandates a -percent cut in air pollution from powerplants over the next years. I have sent you a Healthy Forests Initiative, to help prevent the catastrophic fires that devastate mmunities, kill wildlife, and burn away millions of acres of treasured forests. I urge you to pass these measures, for the good of both our environment and our enomy. Even more, I ask you to take a crucial step and protect our environment in ways that generations before us uld not have imagined. In this century, the greatest environmental progress will me about not through endless lawsuits or mmand-and-ntrol regulations but through technology and innovation. Tonight I'm proposing . billion in research funding so that America can lead the world in developing clean, hydrogen-powered automobiles. A simple chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen generates energy which can be used to power a car, producing only water, not exhaust fumes. With a new national mmitment, our scientists and engineers will overme obstacles to taking these cars from laboratory to showroom, so that the first car driven by a child born today uld be powered by hydrogen and pollution-free. Join me in this important innovation to make our air significantly cleaner and our untry much less dependent on foreign sources of energy. Our fourth goal is to apply the mpassion of America to the deepest problems of America. For so many in our untry, the homeless and the fatherless, the addicted, the need is great. Yet there's power, wonder-working power, in the goodness and idealism and faith of the American people. Americans are doing the work of mpassion every day, visiting prisoners, providing shelter for battered women, bringing mpanionship to lonely seniors. These good works deserve our praise. They deserve our personal support, and when appropriate, they deserve the assistance of the Federal Government. I urge you to pass both my Faith-Based Initiative and the Citizen Service Act," to enurage acts of mpassion that can transform America, one heart and one soul at a time. Last year, I called on my fellow citizens to participate in the USA Freedom Corps, which is enlisting tens of thousands of new volunteers across America. Tonight I ask Congress and the American people to focus the spirit of service and the resources of Government on the needs of some of our most vulnerable citizens, boys and girls trying to grow up without guidance and attention and children who have to go through a prison gate to be hugged by their mom or dad. I propose a million initiative to bring mentors to more than a million disadvantaged junior high students and children of prisoners. Government will support the training and recruiting of mentors. Yet it is the men and women of America who will fill the need. One mentor, one person, can change a life forever, and I urge you to be that one person. Another cause of hopelessness is addiction to drugs. Addiction crowds out friendship, ambition, moral nviction and reduces all the richness of life to a single destructive desire. As a government, we are fighting illegal drugs by cutting off supplies and reducing demand through antidrug education programs. Yet for those already addicted, the fight against drugs is a fight for their own lives. Too many Americans in search of treatment cannot get it. So tonight I propose a new million program to help an additional , Americans receive treatment over the next years. Our Nation is blessed with revery programs that do amazing work. One of them is found at the Healing Place Church in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. A man in the program said, God does miracles in people's lives, and you never think it uld be you." Tonight let us bring to all Americans who struggle with drug addiction this message of hope: The miracle of revery is possible, and it uld be you. By caring for children who need mentors and for addicted men and women who need treatment, we are building a more welming society, a culture that values every life. And in this work, we must not overlook the weakest among us. I ask you to protect infants at the very hour of their birth and end the practice of partial-birth abortion. And because no human life should be started or ended as the object of an experiment, I ask you to set a high standard for humanity and pass a law against all human cloning. The qualities of urage and mpassion that we strive for in America also determine our nduct abroad. The American flag stands for more than our power and our interests. Our Founders dedicated this untry to the cause of human dignity, the rights of every person, and the possibilities of every life. This nviction leads us into the world to help the afflicted and defend the peace and nfound the designs of evil men. In Afghanistan, we helped to liberate an oppressed people. And we will ntinue helping them secure their untry, rebuild their society, and educate all their children, boys and girls. In the Middle East, we will ntinue to seek peace between a secure Israel and a democratic Palestine. Across the Earth, America is feeding the hungry. More than percent of international food aid mes as a gift from the people of the United States. As our Nation moves troops and builds alliances to make our world safer, we must also remember our calling as a blessed untry is to make the world better. Today, on the ntinent of Africa, nearly million people have the AIDS virus, including million children under the age . There are whole untries in Africa where more than one-third of the adult population carries the infection. More than million require immediate drug treatment. Yet across that ntinent, only , AIDS victims—only ,—are receiving the medicine they need. Because the AIDS diagnosis is nsidered a death sentence, many do not seek treatment. Almost all who do are turned away. A doctor in rural South Africa describes his frustration. He says, We have no medicines. Many hospitals tell people, You've got AIDS. We can't help you. Go home and die."' In an age of miraculous medicines, no person should have to hear those words. AIDS can be prevented. Antiretroviral drugs can extend life for many years. And the st of those drugs has dropped from , a year to under a year, which places a tremendous possibility within our grasp. Ladies and gentlemen, seldom has history offered a greater opportunity to do so much for so many. We have nfronted and will ntinue to nfront HIV/AIDS in our own untry. And to meet a severe and urgent crisis abroad, tonight I propose the Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, a work of mercy beyond all current international efforts to help the people of Africa. This mprehensive plan will prevent million new AIDS infections, treat at least million people with life-extending drugs, and provide humane care for millions of people suffering from AIDS and for children orphaned by AIDS. I ask the Congress to mmit billion over the next years, including nearly billion in new money, to turn the tide against AIDS in the most afflicted nations of Africa and the Caribbean. This Nation can lead the world in sparing innocent people from a plague of nature. And this Nation is leading the world in nfronting and defeating the manmade evil of international terrorism. There are days when our fellow citizens do not hear news about the war on terror. There's never a day when I do not learn of another threat or receive reports of operations in progress or give an order in this global war against a scattered network of killers. The war goes on, and we are winning. To date, we've arrested or otherwise dealt with many key mmanders of Al Qaida. They include a man who directed logistics and funding for the September the th attacks, the chief of Al Qaida operations in the Persian Gulf who planned the bombings of our embassies in east Africa and the U.S.S. Cole, an Al Qaida operations chief from Southeast Asia, a former director of Al Qaida's training camps in Afghanistan, a key Al Qaida operative in Europe, a major Al Qaida leader in Yemen. All told, more than , suspected terrorists have been arrested in many untries. Many others have met a different fate. Let's put it this way: They are no longer a problem to the United States and our friends and allies. We are working closely with other nations to prevent further attacks. America and alition untries have unvered and stopped terrorist nspiracies targeting the Embassy in Yemen, the American Embassy in Singapore, a Saudi military base, ships in the Straits of Hormuz and the Straits of Gibraltar. We've broken Al Qaida cells in Hamburg, Milan, Madrid, London, Paris, as well as Buffalo, New York. We have the terrorists on the run. We're keeping them on the run. One by one, the terrorists are learning the meaning of American justice. As we fight this war, we will remember where it began: Here, in our own untry. This Government is taking unprecedented measures to protect our people and defend our homeland. We've intensified security at the borders and ports of entry, posted more than , newly trained Federal screeners in airports, begun inoculating troops and first-responders against smallpox, and are deploying the Nation's first early warning network of sensors to detect biological attack. And this year, for the first time, we are beginning to field a defense to protect this Nation against ballistic missiles. I thank the Congress for supporting these measures. I ask you tonight to add to our future security with a major research and production effort to guard our people against bioterrorism, called Project Bio-Shield. The budget I send you will propose almost billion to quickly make available effective vaccines and treatments against agents like anthrax, botulinum toxin, Ebola, and plague. We must assume that our enemies would use these diseases as weapons, and we must act before the dangers are upon us. Since September the th, our intelligence and law enforcement agencies have worked more closely than ever to track and disrupt the terrorists. The FBI is improving its ability to analyze intelligence and is transforming itself to meet new threats. Tonight I am instructing the leaders of the FBI, the CIA, the Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense to develop a Terrorist Threat Integration Center, to merge and analyze all threat information in a single location. Our Government must have the very best information possible, and we will use it to make sure the right people are in the right places to protect all our citizens. Our war against terror is a ntest of will in which perseverance is power. In the ruins of two towers, at the western wall of the Pentagon, on a field in Pennsylvania, this Nation made a pledge, and we renew that pledge tonight: Whatever the duration of this struggle and whatever the difficulties, we will not permit the triumph of violence in the affairs of men; free people will set the urse of history. Today, the gravest danger in the war on terror, the gravest danger facing America and the world, is outlaw regimes that seek and possess nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons. These regimes uld use such weapons for blackmail, terror, and mass murder. They uld also give or sell those weapons to terrorist allies, who would use them without the least hesitation. This threat is new. America's duty is familiar. Throughout the th century, small groups of men seized ntrol of great nations, built armies and arsenals, and set out to dominate the weak and intimidate the world. In each case, their ambitions of cruelty and murder had no limit. In each case, the ambitions of Hitlerism, militarism, and mmunism were defeated by the will of free peoples, by the strength of great alliances, and by the might of the United States of America. Now, in this century, the ideology of power and domination has appeared again and seeks to gain the ultimate weapons of terror. Once again, this Nation and all our friends are all that stand between a world at peace and a world of chaos and nstant alarm. Once again, we are called to defend the safety of our people and the hopes of all mankind. And we accept this responsibility. America is making a broad and determined effort to nfront these dangers. We have called on the United Nations to fulfill its charter and stand by its demand that Iraq disarm. We're strongly supporting the International Atomic Energy Agency in its mission to track and ntrol nuclear materials around the world. We're working with other governments to secure nuclear materials in the former Soviet Union and to strengthen global treaties banning the production and shipment of missile technologies and weapons of mass destruction. In all these efforts, however, America's purpose is more than to follow a process; it is to achieve a result, the end of terrible threats to the civilized world. All free nations have a stake in preventing sudden and catastrophic attacks. And we're asking them to join us, and many are doing so. Yet the urse of this Nation does not depend on the decisions of others. Whatever action is required, whenever action is necessary, I will defend the freedom and security of the American people. Different threats require different strategies. In Iran, we ntinue to see a Government that represses its people, pursues weapons of mass destruction, and supports terror. We also see Iranian citizens risking intimidation and death as they speak out for liberty and human rights and democracy. Iranians, like all people, have a right to choose their own Government and determine their own destiny, and the United States supports their aspirations to live in freedom. On the Korean Peninsula, an oppressive regime rules a people living in fear and starvation. Throughout the s, the United States relied on a negotiated framework to keep North Korea from gaining nuclear weapons. We now know that that regime was deceiving the world and developing those weapons all along. And today, the North Korean regime is using its nuclear program to incite fear and seek ncessions. America and the world will not be blackmailed. America is working with the untries of the region, South Korea, Japan, China, and Russia, to find a peaceful solution and to show the North Korean Government that nuclear weapons will bring only isolation, enomic stagnation, and ntinued hardship. The North Korean regime will find respect in the world and revival for its people only when it turns away from its nuclear ambitions. Our Nation and the world must learn the lessons of the Korean Peninsula and not allow an even greater threat to rise up in Iraq. A brutal dictator, with a history of reckless aggression, with ties to terrorism, with great potential wealth, will not be permitted to dominate a vital region and threaten the United States. Twelve years ago, Saddam Hussein faced the prospect of being the last casualty in a war he had started and lost. To spare himself, he agreed to disarm of all weapons of mass destruction. For the next years, he systematically violated that agreement. He pursued chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons, even while inspectors were in his untry. Nothing to date has restrained him from his pursuit of these weapons, not enomic sanctions, not isolation from the civilized world, not even cruise missile strikes on his military facilities. Almost months ago, the United Nations Security Council gave Saddam Hussein his final chance to disarm. He has shown instead utter ntempt for the United Nations and for the opinion of the world. The U.N. inspectors were sent to nduct— were not sent to nduct a scavenger hunt for hidden materials across a untry the size of California. The job of the inspectors is to verify that Iraq's regime is disarming. It is up to Iraq to show exactly where it is hiding its banned weapons, lay those weapons out for the world to see, and destroy them as directed. Nothing like this has happened. The United Nations ncluded in that Saddam Hussein had biological weapons sufficient to produce over , liters of anthrax, enough doses to kill several million people. He hasn't acunted for that material. He's given no evidence that he has destroyed it. The United Nations ncluded that Saddam Hussein had materials sufficient to produce more than , liters of botulinum toxin, enough to subject millions of people to death by respiratory failure. He hasn't acunted for that material. He's given no evidence that he has destroyed it. Our intelligence officials estimate that Saddam Hussein had the materials to produce as much as tons of sarin, mustard, and VX nerve agent. In such quantities, these chemical agents uld also kill untold thousands. He's not acunted for these materials. He has given no evidence that he has destroyed them. U.S. intelligence indicates that Saddam Hussein had upwards of , munitions capable of delivering chemical agents. Inspectors recently turned up of them, despite Iraq's recent declaration denying their existence. Saddam Hussein has not acunted for the remaining , of these prohibited munitions. He's given no evidence that he has destroyed them. From three Iraqi defectors we know that Iraq, in the late s, had several mobile biological weapons labs. These are designed to produce germ warfare agents and can be moved from place to a place to evade inspectors. Saddam Hussein has not disclosed these facilities. He's given no evidence that he has destroyed them. The International Atomic Energy Agency nfirmed in the s that Saddam Hussein had an advanced nuclear weapons development program, had a design for a nuclear weapon, and was working on five different methods of enriching uranium for a bomb. The British Government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa. Our intelligence sources tell us that he has attempted to purchase high-strength aluminum tubes suitable for nuclear weapons production. Saddam Hussein has not credibly explained these activities. He clearly has much to hide. The dictator of Iraq is not disarming. To the ntrary, he is deceiving. From intelligence sources we know, for instance, that thousands of Iraqi security personnel are at work hiding documents and materials from the U.N. inspectors, sanitizing inspection sites, and monitoring the inspectors themselves. Iraqi officials acmpany the inspectors in order to intimidate witnesses. Iraq is blocking U- surveillance flights requested by the United Nations. Iraqi intelligence officers are posing as the scientists inspectors are supposed to interview. Real scientists have been ached by Iraqi officials on what to say. Intelligence sources indicate that Saddam Hussein has ordered that scientists who operate with U.N. inspectors in disarming Iraq will be killed, along with their families. Year after year, Saddam Hussein has gone to elaborate lengths, spent enormous sums, taken great risks to build and keep weapons of mass destruction. But why? The only possible explanation, the only possible use he uld have for those weapons, is to dominate, intimidate, or attack. With nuclear arms or a full arsenal of chemical and biological weapons, Saddam Hussein uld resume his ambitions of nquest in the Middle East and create deadly havoc in that region. And this Congress and the American people must regnize another threat. Evidence from intelligence sources, secret mmunications, and statements by people now in custody reveal that Saddam Hussein aids and protects terrorists, including members of Al Qaida. Secretly and without fingerprints, he uld provide one of his hidden weapons to terrorists or help them develop their own. Before September the th, many in the world believed that Saddam Hussein uld be ntained. But chemical agents, lethal viruses, and shadowy terrorist networks are not easily ntained. Imagine those hijackers with other weapons and other plans, this time armed by Saddam Hussein. It would take one vial, one canister, one crate slipped into this untry to bring a day of horror like none we have ever known. We will do everything in our power to make sure that that day never mes. Some have said we must not act until the threat is imminent. Since when have terrorists and tyrants announced their intentions, politely putting us on notice before they strike? If this threat is permitted to fully and suddenly emerge, all actions, all words, and all recriminations would me too late. Trusting in the sanity and restraint of Saddam Hussein is not a strategy, and it is not an option. The dictator who is assembling the world's most dangerous weapons has already used them on whole villages, leaving thousands of his own citizens dead, blind, or disfigured. Iraqi refugees tell us how forced nfessions are obtained, by torturing children while their parents are made to watch. International human rights groups have cataloged other methods used in the torture chambers of Iraq: electric shock, burning with hot irons, dripping acid on the skin, mutilation with electric drills, cutting out tongues, and rape. If this is not evil, then evil has no meaning. And tonight I have a message for the brave and oppressed people of Iraq: Your enemy is not surrounding your untry; your enemy is ruling your untry. And the day he and his regime are removed from power will be the day of your liberation. The world has waited years for Iraq to disarm. America will not accept a serious and mounting threat to our untry and our friends and our allies. The United States will ask the U.N. Security Council to nvene on February the th to nsider the facts of Iraq's ongoing defiance of the world. Secretary of State Powell will present information and intelligence about Iraqi's legal—Iraq's illegal weapons programs, its attempt to hide those weapons from inspectors, and its links to terrorist groups. We will nsult. But let there be no misunderstanding: If Saddam Hussein does not fully disarm, for the safety of our people and for the peace of the world, we will lead a alition to disarm him. Tonight I have a message for the men and women who will keep the peace, members of the American Armed Forces: Many of you are assembling in or near the Middle East, and some crucial hours may lay ahead. In those hours, the success of our cause will depend on you. Your training has prepared you. Your honor will guide you. You believe in America, and America believes in you. Sending Americans into battle is the most profound decision a President can make. The technologies of war have changed; the risks and suffering of war have not. For the brave Americans who bear the risk, no victory is free from sorrow. This Nation fights reluctantly, because we know the st and we dread the days of mourning that always me. We seek peace. We strive for peace. And sometimes peace must be defended. A future lived at the mercy of terrible threats is no peace at all. If war is forced upon us, we will fight in a just cause and by just means, sparing, in every way we can, the innocent. And if war is forced upon us, we will fight with the full force and might of the United States military, and we will prevail. And as we and our alition partners are doing in Afghanistan, we will bring to the Iraqi people food and medicines and supplies and freedom. Many challenges, abroad and at home, have arrived in a single season. In years, America has gone from a sense of invulnerability to an awareness of peril, from bitter division in small matters to calm unity in great causes. And we go forward with nfidence, because this call of history has me to the right untry. Americans are a resolute people who have risen to every test of our time. Adversity has revealed the character of our untry, to the world and to ourselves. America is a strong nation and honorable in the use of our strength. We exercise power without nquest, and we sacrifice for the liberty of strangers. Americans are a free people who know that freedom is the right of every person and the future of every nation. The liberty we prize is not America's gift to the world; it is God's gift to humanity. We Americans have faith in ourselves, but not in ourselves alone. We do not know—we do not claim to know all the ways of providence, yet we can trust in them, placing our nfidence in the loving God behind all of life and all of history. May He guide us now. And may God ntinue to bless the United States of America. We last met in an hour of shock and suffering. In short months, our Nation has mforted the victims, begun to rebuild New York and the Pentagon, rallied a great alition, captured, arrested, and rid the world of thousands of terrorists, destroyed Afghanistan's terrorist training camps, saved a people from starvation, and freed a untry from brutal oppression. The American flag flies again over our Embassy in Kabul. Terrorists who once occupied Afghanistan now occupy cells at Guantanamo Bay. And terrorist leaders who urged followers to sacrifice their lives are running for their own. America and Afghanistan are now allies against terror. We'll be partners in rebuilding that untry. And this evening we welmed the distinguished interim leader of a liberated Afghanistan, Chairman Hamid Karzai. The last time we met in this Chamber, the mothers and daughters of Afghanistan were captives in their own homes, forbidden from working or going to school. Today, women are free and are part of Afghanistan's new Government. And we welme the new Minister of Women's Affairs, Dr. Sima Samar. Our progress is a tribute to the spirit of the Afghan people, to the resolve of our alition, and to the might of the United States military. When I called our troops into action, I did so with mplete nfidence in their urage and skill. And tonight, thanks to them, we are winning the war on terror. The men and women of our Armed Forces have delivered a message now clear to every enemy of the United States: Even , miles away, across oceans and ntinents, on mountaintops and in caves, you will not escape the justice of this Nation. For many Americans, these months have brought sorrow and pain that will never mpletely go away. Every day a retired firefighter returns to Ground Zero to feel closer to his two sons who died there. At a memorial in New York, a little boy left his football with a note for his lost father: Dear Daddy, please take this to heaven. I don't want to play football until I can play with you again some day." Last month, at the grave of her husband, Micheal, a CIA officer and marine who died in Mazar-e-Sharif, Shannon Spann said these words of farewell, Semper Fi, my love." Shannon is with us tonight. Shannon, I assure you and all who have lost a loved one that our cause is just, and our untry will never forget the debt we owe Micheal and all who gave their lives for freedom. Our cause is just, and it ntinues. Our disveries in Afghanistan nfirmed our worst fears and showed us the true spe of the task ahead. We have seen the depth of our enemies' hatred in videos where they laugh about the loss of innocent life. And the depth of their hatred is equaled by the madness of the destruction they design. We have found diagrams of American nuclear powerplants and public water facilities, detailed instructions for making chemical weapons, surveillance maps of American cities, and thorough descriptions of landmarks in America and throughout the world. What we have found in Afghanistan nfirms that, far from ending there, our war against terror is only beginning. Most of the men who hijacked planes on September the th were trained in Afghanistan's camps, and so were tens of thousands of others. Thousands of dangerous killers, schooled in the methods of murder, often supported by outlaw regimes, are now spread throughout the world like ticking timebombs, set to go off without warning. Thanks to the work of our law enforcement officials and alition partners, hundreds of terrorists have been arrested. Yet, tens of thousands of trained terrorists are still at large. These enemies view the entire world as a battlefield, and we must pursue them wherever they are. So long as training camps operate, so long as nations harbor terrorists, freedom is at risk. And America and our allies must not and will not allow it. Our Nation will ntinue to be steadfast and patient and persistent in the pursuit of two great objectives. First, we will shut down terrorist camps, disrupt terrorist plans, and bring terrorists to justice. And send, we must prevent the terrorists and regimes who seek chemical, biological, or nuclear weapons from threatening the United States and the world. Our military has put the terror training camps of Afghanistan out of business, yet camps still exist in at least a dozen untries. A terrorist underworld, including groups like Hamas, Hizballah, Islamic Jihad, Jaish-e-Mohammed, operates in remote jungles and deserts and hides in the centers of large cities. While the most visible military action is in Afghanistan, America is acting elsewhere. We now have troops in the Philippines, helping to train that untry's armed forces to go after terrorist cells that have executed an American and still hold hostages. Our soldiers, working with the Bosnian Government, seized terrorists who were plotting to bomb our Embassy. Our Navy is patrolling the ast of Africa to block the shipment of weapons and the establishment of terrorist camps in Somalia. My hope is that all nations will heed our call and eliminate the terrorist parasites who threaten their untries and our own. Many nations are acting forcefully. Pakistan is now cracking down on terror, and I admire the strong leadership of President Musharraf. But some governments will be timid in the face of terror. And make no mistake about it: If they do not act, America will. Our send goal is to prevent regimes that sponsor terror from threatening America or our friends and allies with weapons of mass destruction. Some of these regimes have been pretty quiet since September the th, but we know their true nature. North Korea is a regime arming with missiles and weapons of mass destruction, while starving its citizens. Iran aggressively pursues these weapons and exports terror, while an unelected few repress the Iranian people's hope for freedom. Iraq ntinues to flaunt its hostility toward America and to support terror. The Iraqi regime has plotted to develop anthrax and nerve gas and nuclear weapons for over a decade. This is a regime that has already used poison gas to murder thousands of its own citizens, leaving the bodies of mothers huddled over their dead children. This is a regime that agreed to international inspections, then kicked out the inspectors. This is a regime that has something to hide from the civilized world. States like these and their terrorist allies nstitute an axis of evil, arming to threaten the peace of the world. By seeking weapons of mass destruction, these regimes pose a grave and growing danger. They uld provide these arms to terrorists, giving them the means to match their hatred. They uld attack our allies or attempt to blackmail the United States. In any of these cases, the price of indifference would be catastrophic. We will work closely with our alition to deny terrorists and their state sponsors the materials, technology, and expertise to make and deliver weapons of mass destruction. We will develop and deploy effective missile defenses to protect America and our allies from sudden attack. And all nations should know: America will do what is necessary to ensure our Nation's security. We'll be deliberate; yet, time is not on our side. I will not wait on events while dangers gather. I will not stand by as peril draws closer and closer. The United States of America will not permit the world's most dangerous regimes to threaten us with the world's most destructive weapons. Our war on terror is well begun, but it is only begun. This campaign may not be finished on our watch; yet, it must be and it will be waged on our watch. We can't stop short. If we stop now, leaving terror camps intact and terrorist states unchecked, our sense of security would be false and temporary. History has called America and our allies to action, and it is both our responsibility and our privilege to fight freedom's fight. Our first priority must always be the security of our Nation, and that will be reflected in the budget I send to Congress. My budget supports three great goals for America: We will win this war; we will protect our homeland; and we will revive our enomy. September the th brought out the best in America and the best in this Congress. And I join the American people in applauding your unity and resolve. Now Americans deserve to have this same spirit directed toward addressing problems here at home. I'm a proud member of my party. Yet as we act to win the war, protect our people, and create jobs in America, we must act, first and foremost, not as Republicans, not as Democrats but as Americans. It sts a lot to fight this war. We have spent more than a billion dollars a month, over million a day, and we must be prepared for future operations. Afghanistan proved that expensive precision weapons defeat the enemy and spare innocent lives, and we need more of them. We need to replace aging aircraft and make our military more agile to put our troops anywhere in the world quickly and safely. Our men and women in uniform deserve the best weapons, the best equipment, the best training, and they also deserve another pay raise. My budget includes the largest increase in defense spending in two decades, because while the price of freedom and security is high, it is never too high. Whatever it sts to defend our untry, we will pay. The next priority of my budget is to do everything possible to protect our citizens and strengthen our Nation against the ongoing threat of another attack. Time and distance from the events of September the th will not make us safer unless we act on its lessons. America is no longer protected by vast oceans. We are protected from attack only by vigorous action abroad and increased vigilance at home. My budget nearly doubles funding for a sustained strategy of homeland security, focused on four key areas: bioterrorism, emergency response, airport and border security, and improved intelligence. We will develop vaccines to fight anthrax and other deadly diseases. We'll increase funding to help States and mmunities train and equip our heroic police and firefighters. We will improve intelligence llection and sharing, expand patrols at our borders, strengthen the security of air travel, and use technology to track the arrivals and departures of visitors to the United States. Homeland security will make America not only stronger but, in many ways, better. Knowledge gained from bioterrorism research will improve public health. Stronger police and fire departments will mean safer neighborhoods. Stricter border enforcement will help mbat illegal drugs. And as government works to better secure our homeland, America will ntinue to depend on the eyes and ears of alert citizens. A few days before Christmas, an airline flight attendant spotted a passenger lighting a match. The crew and passengers quickly subdued the man, who had been trained by Al Qaida and was armed with explosives. The people on that plane were alert and, as a result, likely saved nearly lives. And tonight we welme and thank flight attendants Hermis Moutardier and Christina Jones. Once we have funded our national security and our homeland security, the final great priority of my budget is enomic security for the American people. To achieve these great national objectives—to win the war, protect the homeland, and revitalize our enomy—our budget will run a deficit that will be small and short term, so long as Congress restrains spending and acts in a fiscally responsible manner. We have clear priorities, and we must act at home with the same purpose and resolve we have shown overseas. We'll prevail in the war, and we will defeat this recession. Americans who have lost their jobs need our help, and I support extending unemployment benefits and direct assistance for health care verage. Yet, American workers want more than unemployment checks; they want a steady paycheck. When America works, America prospers, so my enomic security plan can be summed up in one word: jobs. Good jobs begin with good schools, and here we've made a fine start. Republicans and Democrats worked together to achieve historic education reform so that no child is left behind. I was proud to work with members of both parties: Chairman John Boehner and Congressman George Miller; Senator Judd Gregg. And I was so proud of our work, I even had nice things to say about my friend Ted Kennedy. Laughter] I know the folks at the Crawford ffee shop uldn't believe I'd say such a thing— laughter]—but our work on this bill shows what is possible if we set aside posturing and focus on results. There is more to do. We need to prepare our children to read and succeed in school with improved Head Start and early childhood development programs. We must upgrade our teacher lleges and teacher training and launch a major recruiting drive with a great goal for America, a quality teacher in every classroom. Good jobs also depend on reliable and affordable energy. This Congress must act to enurage nservation, promote technology, build infrastructure, and it must act to increase energy production at home so America is less dependent on foreign oil. Good jobs depend on expanded trade. Selling into new markets creates new jobs, so I ask Congress to finally approve trade promotion authority. On these two key issues, trade and energy, the House of Representatives has acted to create jobs, and I urge the Senate to pass this legislation. Good jobs depend on sound tax policy. Last year, some in this Hall thought my tax relief plan was too small; some thought it was too big. But when the checks arrived in the mail, most Americans thought tax relief was just about right. Congress listened to the people and responded by reducing tax rates, doubling the child credit, and ending the death tax. For the sake of long-term growth and to help Americans plan for the future, let's make these tax cuts permanent. The way out of this recession, the way to create jobs, is to grow the enomy by enuraging investment in factories and equipment and by speeding up tax relief so people have more money to spend. For the sake of American workers, let's pass a stimulus package. Good jobs must be the aim of welfare reform. As we reauthorize these important reforms, we must always remember the goal is to reduce dependency on government and offer every American the dignity of a job. Americans know enomic security can vanish in an instant without health security. I ask Congress to join me this year to enact a patients' bill of rights, to give uninsured workers credits to help buy health verage, to approve an historic increase in the spending for veterans' health, and to give seniors a sound and modern Medicare system that includes verage for prescription drugs. A good job should lead to security in retirement. I ask Congress to enact new safeguards for (k) and pension plans. Employees who have worked hard and saved all their lives should not have to risk losing everything if their mpany fails. Through stricter acunting standards and tougher disclosure requirements, rporate America must be made more acuntable to employees and shareholders and held to the highest standards of nduct. Retirement security also depends upon keeping the mmitments of Social Security, and we will. We must make Social Security financially stable and allow personal retirement acunts for younger workers who choose them. Members, you and I will work together in the months ahead on other issues: productive farm policy; a cleaner environment; broader homeownership, especially among minorities; and ways to enurage the good work of charities and faith-based groups. I ask you to join me on these important domestic issues in the same spirit of operation we've applied to our war against terrorism. During these last few months, I've been humbled and privileged to see the true character of this untry in a time of testing. Our enemies believed America was weak and materialistic, that we would splinter in fear and selfishness. They were as wrong as they are evil. The American people have responded magnificently, with urage and mpassion, strength and resolve. As I have met the heroes, hugged the families, and looked into the tired faces of rescuers, I have stood in awe of the American people. And I hope you will join me—I hope you will join me in expressing thanks to one American for the strength and calm and mfort she brings to our Nation in crisis, our First Lady, Laura Bush. None of us would ever wish the evil that was done on September the th. Yet, after America was attacked, it was as if our entire untry looked into a mirror and saw our better selves. We were reminded that we are citizens with obligations to each other, to our untry, and to history. We began to think less of the goods we can accumulate and more about the good we can do. For too long our culture has said, If it feels good, do it." Now America is embracing a new ethic and a new creed, Let's roll." In the sacrifice of soldiers, the fierce brotherhood of firefighters, and the bravery and generosity of ordinary citizens, we have glimpsed what a new culture of responsibility uld look like. We want to be a nation that serves goals larger than self. We've been offered a unique opportunity, and we must not let this moment pass. My call tonight is for every American to mmit at least years, , hours over the rest of your lifetime, to the service of your neighbors and your Nation. Many are already serving, and I thank you. If you aren't sure how to help, I've got a good place to start. To sustain and extend the best that has emerged in America, I invite you to join the new USA Freedom Corps. The Freedom Corps will focus on three areas of need: responding in case of crisis at home; rebuilding our mmunities; and extending American mpassion throughout the world. One purpose of the USA Freedom Corps will be homeland security. America needs retired doctors and nurses who can be mobilized in major emergencies, volunteers to help police and fire departments, transportation and utility workers well-trained in spotting danger. Our untry also needs citizens working to rebuild our mmunities. We need mentors to love children, especially children whose parents are in prison. And we need more talented teachers in troubled schools. USA Freedom Corps will expand and improve the good efforts of AmeriCorps and Senior Corps to recruit more than , new volunteers. And America needs citizens to extend the mpassion of our untry to every part of the world. So we will renew the promise of the Peace Corps, double its volunteers over the next years, and ask it to join a new effort to enurage development and education and opportunity in the Islamic world. This time of adversity offers a unique moment of opportunity, a moment we must seize to change our culture. Through the gathering momentum of millions of acts of service and decency and kindness, I know we can overme evil with greater good. And we have a great opportunity during this time of war to lead the world toward the values that will bring lasting peace. All fathers and mothers, in all societies, want their children to be educated and live free from poverty and violence. No people on Earth yearn to be oppressed or aspire to servitude or eagerly await the midnight knock of the secret police. If anyone doubts this, let them look to Afghanistan, where the Islamic street" greeted the fall of tyranny with song and celebration. Let the skeptics look to Islam's own rich history, with its centuries of learning and tolerance and progress. America will lead by defending liberty and justice because they are right and true and unchanging for all people everywhere. No nation owns these aspirations, and no nation is exempt from them. We have no intention of imposing our culture. But America will always stand firm for the nonnegotiable demands of human dignity: the rule of law; limits on the power of the state; respect for women; private property; free speech; equal justice; and religious tolerance. America will take the side of brave men and women who advocate these values around the world, including the Islamic world, because we have a greater objective than eliminating threats and ntaining resentment. We seek a just and peaceful world beyond the war on terror. In this moment of opportunity, a mmon danger is erasing old rivalries. America is working with Russia and China and India, in ways we have never before, to achieve peace and prosperity. In every region, free markets and free trade and free societies are proving their power to lift lives. Together with friends and allies from Europe to Asia and Africa to Latin America, we will demonstrate that the forces of terror cannot stop the momentum of freedom. The last time I spoke here, I expressed the hope that life would return to normal. In some ways, it has. In others, it never will. Those of us who have lived through these challenging times have been changed by them. We've me to know truths that we will never question: Evil is real, and it must be opposed. Beyond all differences of race or creed, we are one untry, mourning together and facing danger together. Deep in the American character, there is honor, and it is stronger than cynicism. And many have disvered again that even in tragedy—especially in tragedy— God is near. In a single instant, we realized that this will be a decisive decade in the history of liberty, that we've been called to a unique role in human events. Rarely has the world faced a choice more clear or nsequential. Our enemies send other people's children on missions of suicide and murder. They embrace tyranny and death as a cause and a creed. We stand for a different choice, made long ago on the day of our founding. We affirm it again today. We choose freedom and the dignity of every life. Steadfast in our purpose, we now press on. We have known freedom's price. We have shown freedom's power. And in this great nflict, my fellow Americans, we will see freedom's victory. Thank you all. May God bless. We are fortunate to be alive at this moment in history. Never before has our Nation enjoyed, at once, so much prosperity and social progress with so little internal crisis and so few external threats. Never before have we had such a blessed opportunity and, therefore, such a profound obligation to build the more perfect Union of our Founders' dreams. We begin the new century with over million new jobs; the fastest enomic growth in more than years; the lowest unemployment rates in years; the lowest poverty rates in years; the lowest African-American and Hispanic unemployment rates on rerd; the first back-to-back surpluses in years; and next month, America will achieve the longest period of enomic growth in our entire history. We have built a new enomy. And our enomic revolution has been matched by a revival of the American spirit: crime down by percent, to its lowest level in years; teen births down years in a row; adoptions up by percent; welfare rolls cut in half, to their lowest levels in years. My fellow Americans, the state of our Union is the strongest it has ever been. As always, the real credit belongs to the American people. My gratitude also goes to those of you in this Chamber who have worked with us to put progress over partisanship. Eight years ago, it was not so clear to most Americans there would be much to celebrate in the year . Then our Nation was gripped by enomic distress, social decline, political gridlock. The title of a best-selling book asked: America: What Went Wrong?" In the best traditions of our Nation, Americans determined to set things right. We restored the vital center, replacing outmoded ideologies with a new vision anchored in basic, enduring values: opportunity for all, responsibility from all, a mmunity of all Americans. We reinvented Government, transforming it into a catalyst for new ideas that stress both opportunity and responsibility and give our people the tools they need to solve their own problems. With the smallest Federal work force in years, we turned rerd deficits into rerd surpluses and doubled our investment in education. We cut crime with , mmunity police and the Brady law, which has kept guns out of the hands of half a million criminals. We ended welfare as we knew it, requiring work while protecting health care and nutrition for children and investing more in child care, transportation, and housing to help their parents go to work. We've helped parents to succeed at home and at work with family leave, which million Americans have now used to care for a newborn child or a sick loved one. We've engaged , young Americans in citizen service through AmeriCorps, while helping them earn money for llege. In , we just had a roadmap. Today, we have results. Even more important, America again has the nfidence to dream big dreams. But we must not let this nfidence drift into mplacency. For we, all of us, will be judged by the dreams and deeds we pass on to our children. And on that sre, we will be held to a high standard, indeed, because our chance to do good is so great. My fellow Americans, we have crossed the bridge we built to the st century. Now, we must shape a st century American revolution of opportunity, responsibility, and mmunity. We must be now, as we were in the beginning, a new nation. At the dawn of the last century, Theodore Roosevelt said, The one characteristic more essential than any other is foresight it should be the growing Nation with a future that takes the long look ahead." So tonight let us take our long look ahead and set great goals for our Nation. To st century America, let us pledge these things: Every child will begin school ready to learn and graduate ready to succeed. Every family will be able to succeed at home and at work, and no child will be raised in poverty. We will meet the challenge of the aging of America. We will assure quality, affordable health care, at last, for all Americans. We will make America the safest big untry on Earth. We will pay off our national debt for the first time since .* We will bring prosperity to every American mmunity. We will reverse the urse of climate change and leave a safer, cleaner planet. America will lead the world toward shared peace and prosperity and the far frontiers of science and technology. And we will beme at last what our Founders pledged us to be so long ago: One Nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. These are great goals, worthy of a great nation. We will not reach them all this year, not even in this decade. But we will reach them. Let us remember that the first American Revolution was not won with a single shot; the ntinent was not settled in a single year. The lesson of our history and the lesson of the last years is that great goals are reached step by step, always building on our progress, always gaining ground. Of urse, you can't gain ground if you're standing still. And for too long this Congress has been standing still on some of our most pressing national priorities. So let's begin tonight with them. Again, I ask you to pass a real Patients' Bill of Rights. I ask you to pass mmonsense gun safety legislation. I ask you to pass campaign finance reform. I ask you to vote up or down on judicial nominations and other important appointees. And again, I ask you—I implore you to raise the minimum wage. Now, years ago—let me try to balance the seesaw here—[laughter]— years ago, as we reached across party lines to reach our first balanced budget, I asked that we meet our responsibility to the next generation by maintaining our fiscal discipline. Because we refused to stray from that path, we are doing something that would have seemed unimaginable years ago. We are actually paying down the national debt. Now, if we stay on this path, we can pay down the debt entirely in just years now and make America debt-free for the first time since Andrew Jackson was President in . In we began to put our fiscal house in order with the Deficit Reduction Act, which you'll all remember won passages in both Houses by just a single vote. Your former lleague, my first Secretary of the Treasury, led that effort and sparked our long boom. He's here with us tonight. Lloyd Bentsen, you have served America well, and we thank you. Beyond paying off the debt, we must ensure that the benefits of debt reduction go to preserving two of the most important guarantees we make to every American, Social Security and Medicare. Tonight I ask you to work with me to make a bipartisan downpayment on Social Security reform by crediting the interest savings from debt reduction to the Social Security Trust Fund so that it will be strong and sound for the next years. But this is just the start of our journey. We must also take the right steps toward reaching our great goals. First and foremost, we need a st century revolution in education, guided by our faith that every single child can learn. Because education is more important than ever, more than ever the key to our children's future, we must make sure all our children have that key. That means quality preschool and afterschool, the best trained teachers in the classroom, and llege opportunities for all our children. For years now, we've worked hard to improve our schools, with opportunity and responsibility, investing more but demanding more in turn. Reading, math, llege entrance sres are up. Some of the most impressive gains are in schools in very poor neighborhoods. But all successful schools have followed the same proven formula: higher standards, more acuntability, and extra help so children who need it can get it to reach those standards. I have sent Congress a reform plan based on that formula. It holds States and school districts acuntable for progress and rewards them for results. Each year, our National Government invests more than billion in our schools. It is time to support what works and stop supporting what doesn't. Now, as we demand more from our schools, we should also invest more in our schools. Let's double our investment to help States and districts turn around their worst performing schools or shut them down. Let's double our investments in after-school and summer school programs, which boost achievement and keep people off the streets and out of trouble. If we do this, we can give every single child in every failing school in America—everyone—the chance to meet high standards. Since , we've nearly doubled our investment in Head Start and improved its quality. Tonight I ask you for another billion for Head Start, the largest increase in the history of the program. We know that children learn best in smaller classes with good teachers. For years in a row, Congress has supported my plan to hire , new qualified teachers to lower class size in the early grades. I thank you for that, and I ask you to make it in a row. And to make sure all teachers know the subjects they teach, tonight I propose a new teacher quality initiative, to recruit more talented people into the classroom, reward good teachers for staying there, and give all teachers the training they need. We know charter schools provide real public school choice. When I became President, there was just one independent public charter school in all America. Today, thanks to you, there are ,. I ask you now to help us meet our goal of , charter schools by next year. We know we must nnect all our classrooms to the Internet, and we're getting there. In , only percent of our classrooms were nnected. Today, with the help of the Vice President's E-rate program, more than half of them are, and percent of our schools have at least one Internet nnection. But we cannot finish the job when a third of all our schools are in serious disrepair. Many of them have walls and wires so old, they're too old for the Internet. So tonight I propose to help , schools a year make immediate and urgent repairs and, again, to help build or modernize , more, to get students out of trailers and into high-tech classrooms. I ask all of you to help me double our bipartisan GEAR UP program, which provides mentors for disadvantaged young people. If we double it, we can provide mentors for . million of them. Let's also offer these kids from disadvantaged backgrounds the same chance to take the same llege test-prep urses wealthier students use to boost their test sres. To make the American dream achievable for all, we must make llege affordable for all. For years, on a bipartisan basis, we have taken action toward that goal: larger Pell grants, more affordable student loans, education IRA's, and our HOPE scholarships, which have already benefited million young people. Now, percent of high school graduates are going on to llege. That's up percent since . Yet millions of families still strain to pay llege tuition. They need help. So I propose a landmark billion llege opportunity tax cut, a middle class tax deduction for up to , in llege tuition sts. The previous actions of this Congress have already made years of llege affordable for all. It's time make years of llege affordable for all. If we take all these steps, we'll move a long way toward making sure every child starts school ready to learn and graduates ready to succeed. We also need a st century revolution to reward work and strengthen families by giving every parent the tools to succeed at work and at the most important work of all, raising children. That means making sure every family has health care and the support to care for aging parents, the tools to bring their children up right, and that no child grows up in poverty. From my first days as President, we've worked to give families better access to better health care. In , we passed the Children's Health Insurance Program—CHIP—so that workers who don't have verage through their employers at least can get it for their children. So far, we've enrolled million children. We're well on our way to our goal of million. But there are still more than million of our fellow Americans without health insurance, more than there were in . Tonight I propose that we follow Vice President Gore's suggestion to make low inme parents eligible for the insurance that vers their children. Together with our children's initiative—think of this—together with our children's initiative, this action would enable us to ver nearly a quarter of all the uninsured people in America. Again, I want to ask you to let people between the ages of and , the fastest growing group of uninsured, buy into Medicare. And this year I propose to give them a tax credit to make that choice an affordable one. I hope you will support that, as well. When the baby boomers retire, Medicare will be faced with caring for twice as many of our citizens; yet, it is far from ready to do so. My generation must not ask our children's generation to shoulder our burden. We simply must act now to strengthen and modernize Medicare. My budget includes a mprehensive plan to reform Medicare, to make it more efficient and more mpetitive. And it dedicates nearly billion of our budget surplus to keep Medicare solvent past . And at long last, it also provides funds to give every senior a voluntary choice of affordable verage for prescription drugs. Lifesaving drugs are an indispensable part of modern medicine. No one creating a Medicare program today would even think of excluding verage for prescription drugs. Yet more than three in five of our seniors now lack dependable drug verage which can lengthen and enrich their lives. Millions of older Americans, who need prescription drugs the most, pay the highest prices for them. In good nscience, we cannot let another year pass without extending to all our seniors this lifeline of affordable prescription drugs. Rerd numbers of Americans are providing for aging or ailing loved ones at home. It's a loving but a difficult and often very expensive choice. Last year, I proposed a , tax credit for long-term care. Frankly, it wasn't enough. This year, let's triple it to ,. But this year, let's pass it. We also have to make needed investments to expand access to mental health care. I want to take a moment to thank the person who led our first White House Conference on Mental Health last year and who for years has led all our efforts to break down the barriers to decent treatment of people with mental illness. Thank you, Tipper Gore. Taken together, these proposals would mark the largest investment in health care in the years since Medicare was created—the largest investment in years. That would be a big step toward assuring quality health care for all Americans, young and old. And I ask you to embrace them and pass them. We must also make investments that reward work and support families. Nothing does that better than the earned-inme tax credit, the EITC. The E" in the EITC is about earning, working, taking responsibility, and being rewarded for it. In my very first address to you, I asked Congress to greatly expand this credit, and you did. As a result, in alone, the EITC helped more than . million Americans work their way out of poverty toward the middle class. That's double the number in . Tonight I propose another major expansion of the EITC: to reduce the marriage penalty, to make sure it rewards marriage as it rewards work, and also to expand the tax credit for families that have more than two children. It punishes people with more than two children today. Our proposal would allow families with three or more children to get up to , more in tax relief. These are working families; their children should not be in poverty. We also can't reward work and family unless men and women get equal pay for equal work. Today the female unemployment rate is the lowest it has been in years. Yet, women still only earn about cents for every dollar men earn. We must do better, by providing the resources to enforce present equal pay laws, training more women for high-paying, high-tech jobs, and passing the Paycheck Fairness Act." Many working parents spend up to a quarter—a quarter—of their inme on child care. Last year, we helped parents provide child care for about million children. My child care initiative before you now, along with funds already secured in welfare reform, would make child care better, safer, and more affordable for another , children. I ask you to pass that. They need it out there. For hard-pressed middle inme families, we should also expand the child care tax credit. And I believe strongly we should take the next big step and make that tax credit refundable for low inme families. For people making under , a year, that uld mean up to , for child care sts. You know, we all say we're pro-work and pro-family. Passing this proposal would prove it. Ten of millions of Americans live from paycheck to paycheck. As hard as they work, they still don't have the opportunity to save. Too few can make use of IRA's and k plans. We should do more to help all working families save and accumulate wealth. That's the idea behind the Individual Development Acunts, the IDA's. I ask you to take that idea to a new level, with new retirement savings acunts that enable every low and moderate inme family in America to save for retirement, a first home, a medical emergency, or a llege education. I propose to match their ntributions, however small, dollar for dollar, every year they save. And I propose to give a major new tax credit to any small business that will provide a meaningful pension to its workers. Those people ought to have retirement as well as the rest of us. Nearly one in three American children grows up without a father. These children are times more likely to live in poverty than children with both parents at home. Clearly, demanding and supporting responsible fatherhood is critical to lifting all our children out of poverty. We've doubled child support llections since . And I'm proposing to you tough new measures to hold still more fathers responsible. But we should regnize that a lot of fathers want to do right by their children but need help to do it. Carlos Rosas of St. Paul, Minnesota, wanted to do right by his son, and he got the help to do it. Now he's got a good job, and he supports his little boy. My budget will help , more fathers make the same choices Carlos Rosas did. I thank him for being here tonight. Stand up, Carlos. Applause] Thank you. If there is any single issue on which we should be able to reach across party lines, it is in our mmon mmitment to reward work and strengthen families. Just remember what we did last year. We came together to help people with disabilities keep their health insurance when they go to work. And I thank you for that. Thanks to overwhelming bipartisan support from this Congress, we have improved foster care. We've helped those young people who leave it when they turn , and we have dramatically increased the number of foster care children going into adoptive homes. I thank all of you for all of that. Of urse, I am forever grateful to the person who has led our efforts from the beginning and who's worked so tirelessly for children and families for years now, my wife, Hillary, and I thank her. If we take the steps just discussed, we can go a long, long way toward empowering parents to succeed at home and at work and ensuring that no child is raised in poverty. We can make these vital investments in health care, education, support for working families, and still offer tax cuts to help pay for llege, for retirement, to care for aging parents, to reduce the marriage penalty. We can do these things without forsaking the path of fiscal discipline that got us to this point here tonight. Indeed, we must make these investments and these tax cuts in the ntext of a balanced budget that strengthens and extends the life of Social Security and Medicare and pays down the national debt. Crime in America has dropped for the past years—that's the longest decline on rerd— thanks to a national nsensus we helped to forge on mmunity police, sensible gun safety laws, and effective prevention. But nobody, nobody here, nobody in America believes we're safe enough. So again, I ask you to set a higher goal. Let's make this untry the safest big untry in the world. Last fall, Congress supported my plan to hire, in addition to the , mmunity police we've already funded, , more, ncentrated in high-crime neighborhoods. I ask your ntinued support for that. Soon after the Columbine tragedy, Congress nsidered mmonsense gun legislation, to require Brady background checks at the gun shows, child safety locks for new handguns, and a ban on the importation of large capacity ammunition clips. With urage and a tie-breaking vote by the Vice President—[laughter]—the Senate faced down the gun lobby, stood up for the American people, and passed this legislation. But the House failed to follow suit. Now, we have all seen what happens when guns fall into the wrong hands. Daniel Mauser was only years old when he was gunned down at Columbine. He was an amazing kid, a straight-A student, a good skier. Like all parents who lose their children, his father, Tom, has borne unimaginable grief. Somehow he has found the strength to honor his son by transforming his grief into action. Earlier this month, he took a leave of absence from his job to fight for tougher gun safety laws. I pray that his urage and wisdom will at long last move this Congress to make mmonsense gun legislation the very next order of business. Tom Mauser, stand up. We thank you for being here tonight. Tom. Thank you, Tom. Applause] We must strengthen our gun laws and enforce those already on the books better. Federal gun crime prosecutions are up percent since I took office. But we must do more. I propose to hire more Federal and local gun prosecutors and more ATF agents to crack down on illegal gun traffickers and bad-apple dealers. And we must give them the enforcement tools that they need, tools to trace every gun and every bullet used in every gun crime in the United States. I ask you to help us do that. Every State in this untry already requires hunters and automobile drivers to have a license. I think they ought to do the same thing for handgun purchases. Now, specifically, I propose a plan to ensure that all new handgun buyers must first have a photo license from their State showing they passed the Brady background check and a gun safety urse, before they get the gun. I hope you'll help me pass that in this Congress. Listen to this—listen to this. The accidental gun rate—the accidental gun death rate of children under in the United States is times higher than in the other industrialized untries mbined. Now, technologies now exist that uld lead to guns that can only be fired by the adults who own them. I ask Congress to fund research into smart gun technology to save these children's lives. I ask responsible leaders in the gun industry to work with us on smart guns and other steps to keep guns out of the wrong hands, to keep our children safe. You know, every parent I know worries about the impact of violence in the media on their children. I want to begin by thanking the entertainment industry for accepting my challenge to put voluntary ratings on TV programs and video and Internet games. But frankly, the ratings are too numerous, diverse, and nfusing to be really useful to parents. So tonight I ask the industry to accept the First Lady's challenge to develop a single voluntary rating system for all children's entertainment that is easier for parents to understand and enforce. The steps I outline will take us well on our way to making America the safest big untry in the world. Now, to keep our historic enomic expansion going, the subject of a lot of discussion in this mmunity and others, I believe we need a st century revolution to open new markets, start new businesses, hire new workers right here in America, in our inner cities, poor rural areas, and Native American reservations. Our Nation's prosperity hasn't yet reached these places. Over the last months, I've traveled to a lot of them, joined by many of you and many far-sighted business people, to shine a spotlight on the enormous potential in mmunities from Appalachia to the Mississippi Delta, from Watts to the Pine Ridge Reservation. Everywhere I go, I meet talented people eager for opportunity and able to work. Tonight I ask you, let's put them to work. For business, it's the smart thing to do. For America, it's the right thing to do. And let me ask you something: If we don't do this now, when in the wide world will we ever get around to it? So I ask Congress to give businesses the same incentives to invest in America's new markets they now have to invest in markets overseas. Tonight I propose a large new markets tax credit and other incentives to spur billion in private-sector capital to create new businesses and new investments in our inner cities and rural areas. Because empowerment zones have been creating these opportunities for years now, I also ask you to increase incentives to invest in them and to create more of them. And let me say to all of you again what I have tried to say at every turn: This is not a Democratic or a Republican issue. Giving people a chance to live their dreams is an American issue. Mr. Speaker, it was a powerful moment last November when you joined Reverend Jesse Jackson and me in your home State of Illinois and mmitted to working toward our mmon goal by mbining the best ideas from both sides of the aisle. I want to thank you again and to tell you, Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with you. This is a worthy joint endeavor. Thank you. I also ask you to make special efforts to address the areas of our Nation with the highest rates of poverty, our Native American reservations and the Mississippi Delta. My budget includes a million initiative to promote enomic development in the Delta and a billion dollars to increase enomic opportunity, health care, education, and law enforcement for our Native American mmunities. We should begin this new century by honoring our historic responsibility to empower the first Americans. And I want to thank tonight the leaders and the members from both parties who've expressed to me an interest in working with us on these efforts. They are profoundly important. There's another part of our American mmunity in trouble tonight, our family farmers. When I signed the farm bill in , I said there was great danger it would work well in good times but not in bad. Well, droughts, floods, and historically low prices have made these times very bad for the farmers. We must work together to strengthen the farm safety net, invest in land nservation, and create some new markets for them by expanding our programs for bio-based fuels and products. Please, they need help. Let's do it together. Opportunity for all requires something else today, having access to a mputer and knowing how to use it. That means we must close the digital divide between those who've got the tools and those who don't. Connecting classrooms and libraries to the Internet is crucial, but it's just a start. My budget ensures that all new teachers are trained to teach st century skills, and it creates technology centers in , mmunities to serve adults. This spring, I'll invite high-tech leaders to join me on another new markets tour, to close the digital divide and open opportunity for our people. I want to thank the high-tech mpanies that already are doing so much in this area. I hope the new tax incentives I have proposed will get all the rest of them to join us. This is a national crusade. We have got to do this and do it quickly. Now, again I say to you, these are steps, but step by step, we can go a long way toward our goal of bringing opportunity to every mmunity. To realize the full possibilities of this enomy, we must reach beyond our own borders to shape the revolution that is tearing down barriers and building new networks among nations and individuals and enomies and cultures: globalization. It's the central reality of our time. Of urse, change this profound is both liberating and threatening to people. But there's no turning back. And our open, creative society stands to benefit more than any other if we understand and act on the realities of interdependence. We have to be at the center of every vital global network, as a good neighbor and a good partner. We have to regnize that we cannot build our future without helping others to build theirs. The first thing we have got to do is to forge a new nsensus on trade. Now, those of us who believe passionately in the power of open trade, we have to ensure that it lifts both our living standards and our values, never tolerating abusive child labor or a race to the bottom in the environment and worker protection. But others must regnize that open markets and rule-based trade are the best engines we know of for raising living standards, reducing global poverty and environmental destruction, and assuring the free flow of ideas. I believe, as strongly tonight as I did the first day I got here, the only direction forward for America on trade—the only direction for America on trade is to keep going forward. I ask you to help me forge that nsensus. We have to make developing enomies our partners in prosperity. That's why I would like to ask you again to finalize our groundbreaking African and Caribbean Basin trade initiatives. But globalization is about more than enomics. Our purpose must be to bring together the world around freedom and democracy and peace and to oppose those who would tear it apart. Here are the fundamental challenges I believe America must meet to shape the st century world. First, we must ntinue to enurage our former adversaries, Russia and China, to emerge as stable, prosperous, democratic nations. Both are being held back today from reaching their full potential: Russia by the legacy of mmunism, an enomy in turmoil, a cruel and self-defeating war in Chechnya; China by the illusion that it can buy stability at the expense of freedom. But think how much has changed in the past decade: , former Soviet nuclear weapons taken out of mmission; Russian soldiers actually serving with ours in the Balkans; Russian people electing their leaders for the first time in , years; and in China, an enomy more open to the world than ever before. Of urse, no one, not a single person in this Chamber tonight can know for sure what direction these great nations will take. But we do know for sure that we can choose what we do. And we should do everything in our power to increase the chance that they will choose wisely, to be nstructive members of our global mmunity. That's why we should support those Russians who are struggling for a democratic, prosperous future; ntinue to reduce both our nuclear arsenals; and help Russia to safeguard weapons and materials that remain. And that's why I believe Congress should support the agreement we negotiated to bring China into the WTO, by passing permanent normal trade relations with China as soon as possible this year. I think you ought to do it for two reasons: First of all, our markets are already open to China; this agreement will open China's markets to us. And send, it will plainly advance the cause of peace in Asia and promote the cause of change in China. No, we don't know where it's going. All we can do is decide what we're going to do. But when all is said and done, we need to know we did everything we possibly uld to maximize the chance that China will choose the right future. A send challenge we've got is to protect our own security from nflicts that pose the risk of wider war and threaten our mmon humanity. We can't prevent every nflict or stop every outrage. But where our interests are at stake and we can make a difference, we should be, and we must be, peacemakers. We should be proud of our role in bringing the Middle East closer to a lasting peace, building peace in Northern Ireland, working for peace in East Timor and Africa, promoting renciliation between Greece and Turkey and in Cyprus, working to defuse these crises between India and Pakistan, in defending human rights and religious freedom. And we should be proud of the men and women of our Armed Forces and those of our allies who stopped the ethnic cleansing in Kosovo, enabling a million people to return to their homes. When Slobodan Milosevic unleashed his terror on Kosovo, Captain John Cherrey was one of the brave airmen who turned the tide. And when another American plane was shot down over Serbia, he flew into the teeth of enemy air defenses to bring his fellow pilot home. Thanks to our Armed Forces' skill and bravery, we prevailed in Kosovo without losing a single American in mbat. I want to introduce Captain Cherrey to you. We honor Captain Cherrey, and we promise you, Captain, we'll finish the job you began. Stand up so we can see you. Applause] A third challenge we have is to keep this inexorable march of technology from giving terrorists and potentially hostile nations the means to undermine our defenses. Keep in mind, the same technological advances that have shrunk cell phones to fit in the palms of our hands can also make weapons of terror easier to nceal and easier to use. We must meet this threat by making effective agreements to restrain nuclear and missile programs in North Korea, curbing the flow of lethal technology to Iran, preventing Iraq from threatening its neighbors, increasing our preparedness against chemical and biological attack, protecting our vital mputer systems from hackers and criminals, and developing a system to defend against new missile threats, while working to preserve our ABM missile treaty with Russia. We must do all these things. I predict to you, when most of us are long gone but some time in the next to years, the major security threat this untry will face will me from the enemies of the nation-state, the nartraffickers and the terrorists and the organized criminals who will be organized together, working together, with increasing access to ever more sophisticated chemical and biological weapons. And I want to thank the Pentagon and others for doing what they're doing right now to try to help protect us and plan for that, so that our defenses will be strong. I ask for your support to ensure they can succeed. I also want to ask you for a nstructive bipartisan dialog this year to work to build a nsensus which I hope will eventually lead to the ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty. I hope we can also have a nstructive effort to meet the challenge that is presented to our planet by the huge gulf between rich and poor. We cannot accept a world in which part of humanity lives on the cutting edge of a new enomy and the rest live on the bare edge of survival. I think we have to do our part to change that with expanded trade, expanded aid, and the expansion of freedom. This is interesting: From Nigeria to Indonesia, more people got the right to choose their leaders in than in , when the Berlin Wall fell. We've got to stand by these democracies, including and especially tonight Colombia, which is fighting nartraffickers, for its own people's lives and our children's lives. I have proposed a strong -year package to help Colombia win this fight. I want to thank the leaders in both parties in both Houses for listening to me and the President of Colombia about it. We have got to pass this. I want to ask your help. A lot is riding on it. And it's so important for the long-term stability of our untry and for what happens in Latin America. I also want you to know I'm going to send you new legislation to go after what these drug barons value the most, their money. And I hope you'll pass that as well. In a world where over a billion people live on less than a dollar a day, we also have got to do our part in the global endeavor to reduce the debts of the poorest untries, so they can invest in education, health care, and enomic growth. That's what the Pope and other religious leaders have urged us to do. And last year, Congress made a downpayment on America's share. I ask you to ntinue that. I thank you for what you did and ask you to stay the urse. I also want to say that America must help more nations to break the bonds of disease. Last year in Africa, times as many people died from AIDS as were killed in wars— times. The budget I give you invests million more in the fight against this and other infectious killers. And today I propose a tax credit to speed the development of vaccines for diseases like malaria, TB, and AIDS. I ask the private sector and our partners around the world to join us in embracing this cause. We can save millions of lives together, and we ought to do it. I also want to mention our final challenge, which, as always, is the most important. I ask you to pass a national security budget that keeps our military the best trained and best equipped in the world, with heightened readiness and st century weapons, which raises salaries for our service men and women, which protects our veterans, which fully funds the diplomacy that keeps our soldiers out of war, which makes good on our mmitment to our U.N. dues and arrears. I ask you to pass this budget. I also want to say something, if I might, very personal tonight. The American people watching us at home, with the help of all the mmentators, can tell, from who stands and who sits and who claps and who doesn't, that there's still modest differences of opinion in this room. Laughter] But I want to thank you for something, every one of you. I want to thank you for the extraordinary support you have given, Republicans and Democrats alike, to our men and women in uniform. I thank you for that. I also want to thank, especially, two people. First, I want to thank our Secretary of Defense, Bill Cohen, for symbolizing our bipartisan mmitment to national security. Thank you, sir. Even more, I want to thank his wife, Janet, who, more than any other American citizen, has tirelessly traveled this world to show the support we all feel for our troops. Thank you, Janet Cohen. I appreciate that. Thank you. These are the challenges we have to meet so that we can lead the world toward peace and freedom in an era of globalization. I want to tell you that I am very grateful for many things as President. But one of the things I'm grateful for is the opportunity that the Vice President and I have had to finally put to rest the bogus idea that you cannot grow the enomy and protect the environment at the same time. As our enomy has grown, we've rid more than neighborhoods of toxic waste, ensured cleaner air and water for millions of people. In the past months alone, we've helped preserve million acres of roadless lands in the national forests, created three new national monuments. But as our mmunities grow, our mmitment to nservation must ntinue to grow. Tonight I propose creating a permanent nservation fund, to restore wildlife, protect astlines, save natural treasures, from the California redwoods to the Florida Everglades. This lands legacy endowment would represent by far the most enduring investment in land preservation ever proposed in this House. I hope we can get together with all the people with different ideas and do this. This is a gift we should give to our children and our grandchildren for all time, across party lines. We can make an agreement to do this. Last year the Vice President launched a new effort to make mmunities more liberal—livable—[laughter]—liberal, I know. Laughter] Wait a minute, I've got a punchline now. That's this year's agenda; last year was livable, right? Laughter] That's what Senator Lott is going to say in the mmentary afterwards—[laughter]—to make our mmunities more livable. This is big business. This is a big issue. What does that mean? You ask anybody that lives in an unlivable mmunity, and they'll tell you. They want their kids to grow up next to parks, not parking lots; the parents don't have to spend all their time stalled in traffic when they uld be home with their children. Tonight I ask you to support new funding for the following things, to make American mmunities more liberal—livable. Laughter] I've done pretty well with this speech, but I can't say that. One, I want you to help us to do three things. We need more funding for advanced transit systems. We need more funding for saving open spaces in places of heavy development. And we need more funding—this ought to have bipartisan appeal—we need more funding for helping major cities around the Great Lakes protect their waterways and enhance their quality of life. We need these things, and I want you to help us. The greatest environmental challenge of the new century is global warming. The scientists tell us the 's were the hottest decade of the entire millennium. If we fail to reduce the emission of greenhouse gases, deadly heat waves and droughts will beme more frequent, astal areas will flood, and enomies will be disrupted. That is going to happen, unless we act. Many people in the United States, some people in this Chamber, and lots of folks around the world still believe you cannot cut greenhouse gas emissions without slowing enomic growth. In the industrial age, that may well have been true. But in this digital enomy, it is not true anymore. New technologies make it possible to cut harmful emissions and provide even more growth. For example, just last week, automakers unveiled cars that get to miles a gallon, the fruits of a unique research partnership between Government and industry. And before you know it, efficient production of bio-fuels will give us the equivalent of hundreds of miles from a gallon of gasoline. To speed innovation in these kind of technologies, I think we should give a major tax incentive to business for the production of clean energy and to families for buying energy-saving homes and appliances and the next generation of superefficient cars when they hit the showroom floor. I also ask the auto industry to use the available technologies to make all new cars more fuel-efficient right away. And I ask this Congress to do something else. Please help us make more of our clean energy technology available to the developing world. That will create cleaner growth abroad and a lot more new jobs here in the United States of America. In the new century, innovations in science and technology will be key not only to the health of the environment but to miraculous improvements in the quality of our lives and advances in the enomy. Later this year, researchers will mplete the first draft of the entire human genome, the very blueprint of life. It is important for all our fellow Americans to regnize that Federal tax dollars have funded much of this research and that this and other wise investments in science are leading to a revolution in our ability to detect, treat, and prevent disease. For example, researchers have identified genes that cause Parkinson's, diabetes, and certain kinds of cancer. They are designing precision therapies that will block the harmful effect of these genes for good. Researchers already are using this new technique to target and destroy cells that cause breast cancer. Soon, we may be able to use it to prevent the onset of Alzheimer's. Scientists are also working on an artificial retina to help many blind people to see and—listen to this—microchips that would actually directly stimulate damaged spinal rds in a way that uld allow people now paralyzed to stand up and walk. These kinds of innovations are also propelling our remarkable prosperity. Information technology only includes percent of our employment but now acunts for a third of our enomic growth along with jobs that pay, by the way, about percent above the private sector average. Again, we ought to keep in mind, Government-funded research brought supermputers, the Internet, and mmunications satellites into being. Soon researchers will bring us devices that can translate foreign languages as fast as you can talk, materials times stronger than steel at a fraction of the weight, and— this is unbelievable to me—molecular mputers the size of a teardrop with the power of today's fastest supermputers. To accelerate the march of disvery across all these disciplines in science and technology, I ask you to support my remmendation of an unprecedented billion in the st century research fund, the largest increase in civilian research in a generation. We owe it to our future. Now, these new breakthroughs have to be used in ways that reflect our values. First and foremost, we have to safeguard our citizens' privacy. Last year we proposed to protect every citizen's medical rerd. This year we will finalize those rules. We've also taken the first steps to protect the privacy of bank and credit card rerds and other financial statements. Soon I will send legislation to you to finish that job. We must also act to prevent any genetic discrimination whatever by employers or insurers. I hope you will support that. These steps will allow us to lead toward the far frontiers of science and technology. They will enhance our health, the environment, the enomy in ways we can't even imagine today. But we all know that at a time when science, technology, and the forces of globalization are bringing so many changes into all our lives, it's more important than ever that we strengthen the bonds that root us in our local mmunities and in our national mmunity. No tie binds different people together like citizen service. There's a new spirit of service in America, a movement we've tried to support with AmeriCorps, expanded Peace Corps, unprecedented new partnerships with businesses, foundations, mmunity groups; partnerships, for example, like the one that enlisted , mpanies which have now moved , of our fellow citizens from welfare to work; partnerships to battle drug abuse, AIDS, teach young people to read, save America's treasures, strengthen the arts, fight teen pregnancy, prevent violence among young people, promote racial healing. The American people are working together. But we should do more to help Americans help each other. First, we should help faithbased organizations to do more to fight poverty and drug abuse and help people get back on the right track, with initiatives like Send Chance Homes that do so much to help unwed teen mothers. Send, we should support Americans who tithe and ntribute to charities but don't earn enough to claim a tax deduction for it. Tonight I propose new tax incentives that would allow low and middle inme citizens who don't itemize to get that deduction. It's nothing but fair, and it will get more people to give. We should do more to help new immigrants to fully participate in our mmunity. That's why I remmend spending more to teach them civics and English. And since everybody in our mmunity unts, we've got to make sure everyone is unted in this year's census. Within years—just years—there will be no majority race in our largest State of California. In a little more than years, there will be no majority race in America. In a more internnected world, this diversity can be our greatest strength. Just look around this Chamber. Look around. We have Members in this Congress from virtually every racial, ethnic, and religious background. And I think you would agree that America is stronger because of it. Applause] You also have to agree that all those differences you just clapped for all too often spark hatred and division even here at home. Just in the last uple of years, we've seen a man dragged to death in Texas just because he was black. We saw a young man murdered in Wyoming just because he was gay. Last year we saw the shootings of African-Americans, Asian-Americans, and Jewish children just because of who they were. This is not the American way, and we must draw the line. I ask you to draw that line by passing without delay the Hate Crimes Prevention Act" and the Employment Non-Discrimination Act." And I ask you to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act. Finally tonight, I propose the largest ever investment in our civil rights laws for enforcement, because no American should be subjected to discrimination in finding a home, getting a job, going to school, or securing a loan. Protections in law should be protections in fact. Last February, because I thought this was so important, I created the White House Office of One America to promote racial renciliation. That's what one of my personal heroes, Hank Aaron, has done all his life. From his days as our all-time home run king to his recent acts of healing, he has always brought people together. We should follow his example, and we're honored to have him with us tonight. Stand up, Hank Aaron. Applause] I just want to say one more thing about this, and I want every one of you to think about this the next time you get mad at one of your lleagues on the other side of the aisle. This fall, at the White House, Hillary had one of her millennium dinners, and we had this very distinguished scientist there, who is an expert in this whole work in the human genome. And he said that we are all, regardless of race, genetically . percent the same. Now, you may find that unmfortable when you look around here. Laughter] But it is worth remembering. We can laugh about this, but you think about it. Modern science has nfirmed what ancient faiths have always taught: the most important fact of life is our mmon humanity. Therefore, we should do more than just tolerate our diversity; we should honor it and celebrate it. My fellow Americans, every time I prepare for the State of the Union, I approach it with hope and expectation and excitement for our Nation. But tonight is very special, because we stand on the mountaintop of a new millennium. Behind us we can look back and see the great expanse of American achievement, and before us we can see even greater, grander frontiers of possibility. We should, all of us, be filled with gratitude and humility for our present progress and prosperity. We should be filled with awe and joy at what lies over the horizon. And we should be filled with absolute determination to make the most of it. You know, when the Framers finished crafting our Constitution in Philadelphia, Benjamin Franklin stood in Independence Hall, and he reflected on the carving of the Sun that was on the back of a chair he saw. The Sun was low on the horizon. So he said this—he said, I've often wondered whether that Sun was rising or setting. Today," Franklin said, I have the happiness to know it's a rising Sun." Today, because each succeeding generation of Americans has kept the fire of freedom burning brightly, lighting those frontiers of possibility, we all still bask in the glow and the warmth of Mr. Franklin's rising Sun. After years, the American revolution ntinues. We remain a new nation. And as long as our dreams outweigh our memories, America will be forever young. That is our destiny. And this is our moment. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Let me begin by saluting the new Speaker of the House and thanking him especially tonight for extending an invitation to two guests sitting in the gallery with Mrs. Hastert: Lyn Gibson and Wenling Chestnut are the widows of the two brave Capitol Hill police officers who gave their lives to defend freedom's house. Mr. Speaker, at your swearing-in, you asked us all to work together in a spirit of civility and bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, let's do exactly that. Tonight I stand before you to report that America has created the longest peacetime enomic expansion in our history with nearly million new jobs, wages rising at more than twice the rate of inflation, the highest homeownership in history, the smallest welfare rolls in years, and the lowest peacetime unemployment since . For the first time in three decades, the budget is balanced. From a deficit of billion in , we had a surplus of billion last year. And now we are on urse for budget surpluses for the next years. Thanks to the pioneering leadership of all of you, we have the lowest violent crime rate in a quarter century and the cleanest environment in a quarter century. America is a strong force for peace from Northern Ireland to Bosnia to the Middle East. Thanks to the leadership of Vice President Gore, we have a Government for the information age, once again, a Government that is a progressive instrument of the mmon good— rooted in our oldest values of opportunity, responsibility, and mmunity; devoted to fiscal responsibility; determined to give our people the tools they need to make the most of their own lives in the st century—a st century Government for st century America. My fellow Americans, I stand before you tonight to report that the state of our Union is strong. Now, America is working again. The promise of our future is limitless. But we cannot realize that promise if we allow the hum of our prosperity to lull us into mplacency. How we fare as a nation far into the st century depends upon what we do as a nation today. So with our budget surplus growing, our enomy expanding, our nfidence rising, now is the moment for this generation to meet our historic responsibility to the st century. Our fiscal discipline gives us an unsurpassed opportunity to address a remarkable new challenge, the aging of America. With the number of elderly Americans set to double by , the baby boom will beme a senior boom. So first, and above all, we must save Social Security for the st century. Early in this century, being old meant being poor. When President Roosevelt created Social Security, thousands wrote to thank him for eliminating what one woman called the stark terror of penniless, helpless old age." Even today, without Social Security, half our Nation's elderly would be forced into poverty. Today, Social Security is strong. But by , payroll taxes will no longer be sufficient to ver monthly payments. By , the Trust Fund will be exhausted and Social Security will be unable to pay the full benefits older Americans have been promised. The best way to keep Social Security a rocksolid guarantee is not to make drastic cuts in benefits, not to raise payroll tax rates, not to drain resources from Social Security in the name of saving it. Instead, I propose that we make the historic decision to invest the surplus to save Social Security. Specifically, I propose that we mmit percent of the budget surplus for the next years to Social Security, investing a small portion in the private sector, just as any private or State Government pension would do. This will earn a higher return and keep Social Security sound for years. But we must aim higher. We should put Social Security on a sound footing for the next years. We should reduce poverty among elderly women, who are nearly twice as likely to be poor as our other seniors. And we should eliminate the limits on what seniors on Social Security can earn. Now, these changes will require difficult but fully achievable choices, over and above the dedication of the surplus. They must be made on a bipartisan basis. They should be made this year. So let me say to you tonight, I reach out my hand to all of you in both Houses, in both parties, and ask that we join together in saying to the American people: We will save Social Security now. Now, last year we wisely reserved all of the surplus until we knew what it would take to save Social Security. Again, I say, we shouldn't spend any of it, not any of it, until after Social Security is truly saved. First things first. Send, once we have saved Social Security, we must fulfill our obligation to save and improve Medicare. Already, we have extended the life of the Medicare Trust Fund by years, but we should extend it for at least another decade. Tonight I propose that we use one out of every in the surplus for the next years to guarantee the soundness of Medicare until the year . But again, we should aim higher. We must be willing to work in a bipartisan way and look at new ideas, including the upming report of the bipartisan Medicare Commission. If we work together, we can secure Medicare for the next two decades and ver the greatest growing need of seniors, affordable prescription drugs. Third, we must help all Americans, from their first day on the job, to save, to invest, to create wealth. From its beginning, Americans have supplemented Social Security with private pensions and savings. Yet today, millions of people retire with little to live on other than Social Security. Americans living longer than ever simply must save more than ever. Therefore, in addition to saving Social Security and Medicare, I propose a new pension initiative for retirement security in the st century. I propose that we use a little over percent of the surplus to establish universal savings acunts—USA acunts—to give all Americans the means to save. With these new acunts, Americans can invest as they choose and receive funds to match a portion of their savings, with extra help for those least able to save. USA acunts will help all Americans to share in our Nation's wealth and to enjoy a more secure retirement. I ask you to support them. Fourth, we must invest in long-term care. I propose a tax credit of , for the aged, ailing or disabled, and the families who care for them. Long-term care will beme a bigger and bigger challenge with the aging of America, and we must do more to help our families deal with it. I was born in , the first year of the baby boom. I can tell you that one of the greatest ncerns of our generation is our absolute determination not to let our growing old place an intolerable burden on our children and their ability to raise our grandchildren. Our enomic success and our fiscal discipline now give us an opportunity to lift that burden from their shoulders, and we should take it. Saving Social Security, Medicare, creating USA acunts, this is the right way to use the surplus. If we do so—if we do so—we will still have resources to meet critical needs in education and defense. And I want to point out that this proposal is fiscally sound. Listen to this: If we set aside percent of the surplus for Social Security and percent for Medicare, over the next years, that saving will achieve the lowest level of publicly held debt since right before World War I, in . So with these four measures—saving Social Security, strengthening Medicare, establishing the USA acunts, supporting long-term care— we can begin to meet our generation's historic responsibility to establish true security for st century seniors. Now, there are more children from more diverse backgrounds in our public schools than at any time in our history. Their education must provide the knowledge and nurture the creativity that will allow our entire Nation to thrive in the new enomy. Today we can say something we uldn't say years ago: With tax credits and more affordable student loans, with more work-study grants and more Pell grants, with education IRA's and the new HOPE scholarship tax cut that more than million Americans will receive this year, we have finally opened the doors of llege to all Americans. With our support, nearly every State has set higher academic standards for public schools, and a voluntary national test is being developed to measure the progress of our students. With over billion in disunts available this year, we are well on our way to our goal of nnecting every classroom and library to the Internet. Last fall, you passed our proposal to start hiring , new teachers to reduce class size in the early grades. Now I ask you to finish the job. You know, our children are doing better. SAT sres are up; math sres have risen in nearly all grades. But there's a problem. While our fourth graders outperform their peers in other untries in math and science, our eighth graders are around average, and our twelfth graders rank near the bottom. We must do better. Now, each year the National Government invests more than billion in our public schools. I believe we must change the way we invest that money, to support what works and to stop supporting what does not work. First, later this year, I will send to Congress a plan that, for the first time, holds States and school districts acuntable for progress and rewards them for results. My Education Acuntability Act" will require every school district receiving Federal help to take the following five steps. First, all schools must end social promotion. No child should graduate from high school with a diploma he or she can't read. We do our children no favors when we allow them to pass from grade to grade without mastering the material. But we can't just hold students back because the system fails them. So my balanced budget triples the funding for summer school and after-school programs, to keep a million children learning. Now, if you doubt this will work, just look at Chicago, which ended social promotion and made summer school mandatory for those who don't master the basics. Math and reading sres are up years running, with some of the biggest gains in some of the poorest neighborhoods. It will work, and we should do it. Send, all States and school districts must turn around their worst performing schools or shut them down. That's the policy established in North Carolina by Governor Jim Hunt. North Carolina made the biggest gains in test sres in the Nation last year. Our budget includes million to help States turn around their own failing schools. Third, all States and school districts must be held responsible for the quality of their teachers. The great majority of our teachers do a fine job. But in too many schools, teachers don't have llege majors or even minors in the subjects they teach. New teachers should be required to pass performance exams, and all teachers should know the subjects they're teaching. This year's balanced budget ntains resources to help them reach higher standards. And to attract talented young teachers to the toughest assignments, I remmend a sixfold increase in our program for llege scholarships for students who mmit to teach in the inner cities and isolated rural areas and in Indian mmunities. Let us bring excellence to every part of America. Fourth, we must empower parents with more information and more choices. In too many mmunities, it's easier to get information on the quality of the local restaurants than on the quality of the local schools. Every school district should issue report cards on every school. And parents should be given more choices in selecting their public school. When I became President, there was just one independent public charter school in all America. With our support, on a bipartisan basis, today there are ,. My budget assures that early in the next century, there will be ,. Fifth, to assure that our classrooms are truly places of learning and to respond to what teachers have been asking us to do for years, we should say that all States and school districts must both adopt and implement sensible discipline policies. Now, let's do one more thing for our children. Today, too many schools are so old they're falling apart, or so over-crowded students are learning in trailers. Last fall, Congress missed the opportunity to change that. This year, with million children in our schools, Congress must not miss that opportunity again. I ask you to help our mmunities build or modernize , schools. If we do these things—end social promotion; turn around failing schools; build modern ones; support qualified teachers; promote innovation, mpetition and discipline—then we will begin to meet our generation's historic responsibility to create st century schools. Now, we also have to do more to support the millions of parents who give their all every day at home and at work. The most basic tool of all is a decent inme. So let's raise the minimum wage by a dollar an hour over the next years. And let's make sure that women and men get equal pay for equal work by strengthening enforcement of equal pay laws. Applause] That was enuraging, you know. Laughter] There was more balance on the seesaw. I like that. Let's give them a hand. That's great. Applause] Working parents also need quality child care. So again this year, I ask Congress to support our plan for tax credits and subsidies for working families, for improved safety and quality, for expanded after-school programs. And our plan also includes a new tax credit for stayat-home parents, too. They need support, as well. Parents should never have to worry about choosing between their children and their work. Now, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the very first bill I signed into law, has now, since , helped millions and millions of Americans to care for a newborn baby or an ailing relative without risking their jobs. I think it's time, with all the evidence that it has been so little burdensome to employers, to extend family leave to million more Americans working for smaller mpanies. And I hope you will support it. Finally on the matter of work, parents should never have to face discrimination in the workplace. So I want to ask Congress to prohibit mpanies from refusing to hire or promote workers simply because they have children. That is not right. America's families deserve the world's best medical care. Thanks to bipartisan Federal support for medical research, we are now on the verge of new treatments to prevent or delay diseases, from Parkinson's to Alzheimer's to arthritis to cancer. But as we ntinue our advances in medical science, we can't let our medical system lag behind. Managed care has literally transformed medicine in America, driving down sts but threatening to drive down quality as well. I think we ought to say to every American: You should have the right to know all your medical options, not just the cheapest. If you need a specialist, you should have a right to see one. You have a right to the nearest emergency care if you're in an accident. These are things that we ought to say. And I think we ought to say: You should have a right to keep your doctor during a period of treatment, whether it's a pregnancy or a chemotherapy treatment, or anything else. I believe this. Now, I've ordered these rights to be extended to the million Americans served by Medicare, Medicaid, and other Federal health programs. But only Congress can pass a Patients' Bill of Rights for all Americans. Now, last year, Congress missed that opportunity, and we must not miss that opportunity again. For the sake of our families, I ask us to join together across party lines and pass a strong, enforceable Patients' Bill of Rights. As more of our medical rerds are stored electronically, the threats to all our privacy increase. Because Congress has given me the authority to act if it does not do so by August, one way or another, we can all say to the American people, We will protect the privacy of medical rerds, and we will do it this year." Now years ago, the Congress extended health verage to up to million children. Now we should go beyond that. We should make it easier for small businesses to offer health insurance. We should give people between the ages of and who lose their health insurance the chance to buy into Medicare. And we should ntinue to ensure access to family planning. No one should have to choose between keeping health care and taking a job. And therefore, I especially ask you tonight to join hands to pass the landmark bipartisan legislation proposed by Senators Kennedy and Jeffords, Roth, and Moynihan to allow people with disabilities to keep their health insurance when they go to work. We need to enable our public hospitals, our mmunity, our university health centers to provide basic, affordable care for all the millions of working families who don't have any insurance. They do a lot of that today, but much more can be done. And my balanced budget makes a good downpayment toward that goal. I hope you will think about them and support that provision. Let me say we must step up our efforts to treat and prevent mental illness. No American should ever be afraid—ever—to address this disease. This year we will host a White House Conference on Mental Health. With sensitivity, mmitment, and passion, Tipper Gore is leading our efforts here, and I'd like to thank her for what she's done. Thank you. Applause] Thank you. As everyone knows, our children are targets of a massive media campaign to hook them on cigarettes. Now, I ask this Congress to resist the tobac lobby, to reaffirm the FDA's authority to protect our children from tobac, and to hold tobac mpanies acuntable while protecting tobac farmers. Smoking has st taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars under Medicare and other programs. You know, the States have been right about this: Taxpayers shouldn't pay for the st of lung cancer, emphysema, and other smokingrelated illnesses; the tobac mpanies should. So tonight I announce that the Justice Department is preparing a litigation plan to take the tobac mpanies to urt and, with the funds we rever, to strengthen Medicare. Now, if we act in these areas—minimum wage, family leave, child care, health care, the safety of our children—then we will begin to meet our generation's historic responsibility to strengthen our families for the st century. Today, America is the most dynamic, mpetitive, job-creating enomy in history. But we can do even better in building a st century enomy that embraces all Americans. Today's inme gap is largely a skills gap. Last year, the Congress passed a law enabling workers to get a skills grant to choose the training they need. And I applaud all of you here who were part of that. This year, I remmend a -year mmitment to the new system so that we can provide, over the next years, appropriate training opportunities for all Americans who lose their jobs and expand rapid response teams to help all towns which have been really hurt when businesses close. I hope you will support this. Also, I ask your support for a dramatic increase in Federal support for adult literacy, to mount a national campaign aimed at helping the millions and millions of working people who still read at less than a fifth grade level. We need to do this. Here's some good news: In the past years, we have cut the welfare rolls nearly in half. You can all be proud of that. Two years ago, from this podium, I asked five mpanies to lead a national effort to hire people off welfare. Tonight, our Welfare to Work Partnership includes , mpanies who have hired hundreds of thousands of people. And our balanced budget will help another , people move to the dignity and pride of work. I hope you will support it. We must do more to bring the spark of private enterprise to every rner of America, to build a bridge from Wall Street to Appalachia to the Mississippi Delta to our Native American mmunities, with more support for mmunity development banks, for empowerment zones, for , more vouchers for affordable housing. And I ask Congress to support our bold new plan to help businesses raise up to billion in private sector capital to bring jobs and opportunities to our inner cities and rural areas with tax credits, loan guarantees, including the new American Private Investment Company" modeled on the Overseas Private Investment Company. For years and years and years, we've had this OPIC, this Overseas Private Investment Corporation, because we knew we had untapped markets overseas. But our greatest untapped markets are not overseas; they are right here at home. And we should go after them. We must work hard to help bring prosperity back to the family farm. As this Congress knows very well, dropping prices and the loss of foreign markets have devastated too many family farms. Last year, the Congress provided substantial assistance to help stave off a disaster in American agriculture. And I am ready to work with lawmakers of both parties to create a farm safety net that will include crop insurance reform and farm inme assistance. I ask you to join with me and do this. This should not be a political issue. Everyone knows what an enomic problem is going on out there in rural America today, and we need an appropriate means to address it. We must strengthen our lead in technology. It was Government investment that led to the creation of the Internet. I propose a -percent increase in long-term mputing research. We also must be ready for the st century from its very first moment, by solving the so-called YK mputer problem. We had one Member of Congress stand up and applaud. Laughter] And we may have about that ratio out there applauding at home, in front of their television sets. But remember, this is a big, big problem. And we've been working hard on it. Already, we've made sure that the Social Security checks will me on time. But I want all the folks at home listening to this to know that we need every State and local government, every business, large and small, to work with us to make sure that this YK mputer bug will be remembered as the last headache of the th century, not the first crisis of the st. For our own prosperity, we must support enomic growth abroad. You know, until recently, a third of our enomic growth came from exports. But over the past year and a half, financial turmoil overseas has put that growth at risk. Today, much of the world is in recession, with Asia hit especially hard. This is the most serious financial crisis in half a century. To meet it, the United States and other nations have reduced interest rates and strengthened the International Monetary Fund. And while the turmoil is not over, we have worked very hard with other nations to ntain it. At the same time, we have to ntinue to work on the long-term project, building a global financial system for the st century that promotes prosperity and tames the cycle of boom and bust that has engulfed so much of Asia. This June I will meet with other world leaders to advance this historic purpose, and I ask all of you to support our endeavors. I also ask you to support creating a freer and fairer trading system for st century America. I'd like to say something really serious to everyone in this Chamber in both parties. I think trade has divided us, and divided Americans outside this Chamber, for too long. Somehow we have to find a mmon ground on which business and workers and environmentalists and farmers and Government can stand together. I believe these are the things we ought to all agree on. So let me try. First, we ought to tear down barriers, open markets, and expand trade. But at the same time, we must ensure that ordinary citizens in all untries actually benefit from trade, a trade that promotes the dignity of work and the rights of workers and protects the environment. We must insist that international trade organizations be more open to public scrutiny, instead of mysterious, secret things subject to wild criticism. When you me right down to it, now that the world enomy is beming more and more integrated, we have to do in the world what we spent the better part of this century doing here at home. We have got to put a human face on the global enomy. We must enforce our trade laws when imports unlawfully flood our Nation. I have already informed the Government of Japan that if that nation's sudden surge of steel imports into our untry is not reversed, America will respond. We must help all manufacturers hit hard by the present crisis with loan guarantees and other incentives to increase American exports by nearly billion. I'd like to believe we can achieve a new nsensus on trade, based on these principles. And I ask the Congress again to join me in this mmon approach and to give the President the trade authority long used and now overdue and necessary to advance our prosperity in the st century. Tonight I issue a call to the nations of the world to join the United States in a new round of global trade negotiations to expand exports of services, manufactures, and farm products. Tonight I say we will work with the International Labor Organization on a new initiative to raise labor standards around the world. And this year, we will lead the international mmunity to nclude a treaty to ban abusive child labor everywhere in the world. If we do these things—invest in our people, our mmunities, our technology, and lead in the global enomy—then we will begin to meet our historic responsibility to build a st century prosperity for America. You know, no nation in history has had the opportunity and the responsibility we now have to shape a world that is more peaceful, more secure, more free. All Americans can be proud that our leadership helped to bring peace in Northern Ireland. All Americans can be proud that our leadership has put Bosnia on the path to peace. And with our NATO allies, we are pressing the Serbian Government to stop its brutal repression in Kosovo, to bring those responsible to justice, and to give the people of Kosovo the self-government they deserve. All Americans can be proud that our leadership renewed hope for lasting peace in the Middle East. Some of you were with me last December as we watched the Palestinian National Council mpletely renounce its call for the destruction of Israel. Now I ask Congress to provide resources so that all parties can implement the Wye agreement to protect Israel's security, to stimulate the Palestinian enomy, to support our friends in Jordan. We must not—we dare not—let them down. I hope you will help. As we work for peace, we must also meet threats to our Nation's security, including increased dangers from outlaw nations and terrorism. We will defend our security wherever we are threatened, as we did this summer when we struck at Usama bin Ladin's network of terror. The bombing of our Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania reminds us again of the risks faced every day by those who represent America to the world. So let's give them the support they need, the safest possible workplaces, and the resources they must have so America can ntinue to lead. We must work to keep terrorists from disrupting mputer networks. We must work to prepare local mmunities for biological and chemical emergencies, to support research into vaccines and treatments. We must increase our efforts to restrain the spread of nuclear weapons and missiles, from Korea to India and Pakistan. We must expand our work with Russia, Ukraine, and other former Soviet nations to safeguard nuclear materials and technology so they never fall into the wrong hands. Our balanced budget will increase funding for these critical efforts by almost two-thirds over the next years. With Russia, we must ntinue to reduce our nuclear arsenals. The START II treaty and the framework we have already agreed to for START III uld cut them by percent from their ld war height. It's been years since I signed the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. If we don't do the right thing, other nations won't either. I ask the Senate to take this vital step: Approve the treaty now, to make it harder for other nations to develop nuclear arms, and to make sure we can end nuclear testing forever. For nearly a decade, Iraq has defied its obligations to destroy its weapons of terror and the missiles to deliver them. America will ntinue to ntain Saddam, and we will work for the day when Iraq has a Government worthy of its people. Now, last month in our action over Iraq, our troops were superb. Their mission was so flawlessly executed that we risk taking for granted the bravery and the skill it required. Captain Jeff Taliaferro, a -year veteran of the Air Force, flew a B-B bomber over Iraq as we attacked Saddam's war machine. He's here with us tonight. I'd like to ask you to honor him and all the , men and women of Operation Desert Fox. Captain Taliaferro. Applause] It is time to reverse the decline in defense spending that began in . Since April, together we have added nearly billion to maintain our military readiness. My balanced budget calls for a sustained increase over the next years for readiness, for modernization, and for pay and benefits for our troops and their families. We are the heirs of a legacy of bravery represented in every mmunity in America by millions of our veterans. America's defenders today still stand ready at a moment's notice to go where mforts are few and dangers are many, to do what needs to be done as no one else can. They always me through for America. We must me through for them. The new century demands new partnerships for peace and security. The United Nations plays a crucial role, with allies sharing burdens America might otherwise bear alone. America needs a strong and effective U.N. I want to work with this new Congress to pay our dues and our debts. We must ntinue to support security and stability in Europe and Asia, expanding NATO and defining its new missions, maintaining our alliance with Japan, with Korea, with our other Asian allies, and engaging China. In China, last year, I said to the leaders and the people what I'd like to say again tonight: Stability can no longer be bought at the expense of liberty. But I'd also like to say again to the American people: It's important not to isolate China. The more we bring China into the world, the more the world will bring change and freedom to China. Last spring, with some of you, I traveled to Africa, where I saw democracy and reform rising but still held back by violence and disease. We must fortify African democracy and peace by launching Radio Democracy for Africa, supporting the transition to democracy now beginning to take place in Nigeria, and passing the African Trade and Development Act." We must ntinue to deepen our ties to the Americas and the Caribbean, our mmon work to educate children, fight drugs, strengthen democracy and increase trade. In this hemisphere, every government but one is freely chosen by its people. We are determined that Cuba, too, will know the blessings of liberty. The American people have opened their hearts and their arms to our Central American and Caribbean neighbors who have been so devastated by the recent hurricanes. Working with Congress, I am mmitted to help them rebuild. When the First Lady and Tipper Gore visited the region, they saw thousands of our troops and thousands of American volunteers. In the Dominican Republic, Hillary helped to rededicate a hospital that had been rebuilt by Dominicans and Americans working side by side. With her was someone else who has been very important to the relief efforts. You know, sports rerds are made, and sooner or later they're broken. But making other people's lives better and showing our children the true meaning of brotherhood, that lasts forever. So, for far more than baseball, Sammy Sosa, you're a hero in two untries tonight. Applause] Thank you. So I say to all of you, if we do these things— if we pursue peace, fight terrorism, increase our strength, renew our alliances—we will begin to meet our generation's historic responsibility to build a stronger st century America in a freer, more peaceful world. As the world has changed, so have our own mmunities. We must make them safer, more livable, and more united. This year, we will reach our goal of , mmunity police officers ahead of schedule and under budget. The Brady bill has stopped a quarter million felons, fugitives, and stalkers from buying handguns. And now, the murder rate is the lowest in years and the crime rate has dropped for straight years. Tonight I propose a st century crime bill to deploy the latest technologies and tactics to make our mmunities even safer. Our balanced budget will help put up to , more police on the street in the areas hardest hit by crime and then to equip them with new tools, from crime-mapping mputers to digital mug shots. We must break the deadly cycle of drugs and crime. Our budget expands support for drug testing and treatment, saying to prisoners: If you stay on drugs, you have to stay behind bars; and to those on parole: If you want to keep your freedom, you must stay free of drugs. I ask Congress to restore the -day waiting period for buying a handgun and extend the Brady bill to prevent juveniles who mmit violent crimes from buying a gun. We must do more to keep our schools the safest places in our mmunities. Last year, every American was horrified and heartbroken by the tragic killings in Jonesboro, Paducah, Pearl, Edinboro, Springfield. We were deeply moved by the urageous parents now working to keep guns out of the hands of children and to make other efforts so that other parents don't have to live through their loss. After she lost her daughter, Suzann Wilson of Jonesboro, Arkansas, came here to the White House with a powerful plea. She said, Please, please, for the sake of your children, lock up your guns. Don't let what happened in Jonesboro happen in your town." It's a message she is passionately advocating every day. Suzann is here with us tonight, with the First Lady. I'd like to thank her for her urage and her mmitment. Applause] Thank you. In memory of all the children who lost their lives to school violence, I ask you to strengthen the Safe and Drug-Free School Act, to pass legislation to require child trigger locks, to do everything possible to keep our children safe. A century ago, President Theodore Roosevelt defined our great, central task" as leaving this land even a better land for our descendants than it is for us." Today, we're restoring the Florida Everglades, saving Yellowstone, preserving the red rock canyons of Utah, protecting California's redwoods and our precious asts. But our most fateful new challenge is the threat of global warming; was the warmest year ever rerded. Last year's heat waves, floods, and storms are but a hint of what future generations may endure if we do not act now. Tonight I propose a new clean air fund to help mmunities reduce greenhouse and other pollution, and tax incentives and investments to spur clean energy technology. And I want to work with Members of Congress in both parties to reward mpanies that take early, voluntary action to reduce greenhouse gases. All our mmunities face a preservation challenge, as they grow and green space shrinks. Seven thousand acres of farmland and open space are lost every day. In response, I propose two major initiatives: First, a -billion livability agenda to help mmunities save open space, ease traffic ngestion, and grow in ways that enhance every citizen's quality of life; and send, a -billion lands legacy initiative to preserve places of natural beauty all across America, from the most remote wilderness to the nearest city park. These are truly landmark initiatives, which uld not have been developed without the visionary leadership of the Vice President, and I want to thank him very much for his mmitment here. Now, to get the most out of your mmunity, you have to give something back. That's why we created AmeriCorps, our national service program that gives today's generation a chance to serve their mmunities and earn money for llege. So far, in just years, , young Americans have built low-inme homes with Habitat for Humanity, helped to tutor children with churches, worked with FEMA to ease the burden of natural disasters, and performed untless other acts of service that have made America better. I ask Congress to give more young Americans the chance to follow their lead and serve America in AmeriCorps. Now, we must work to renew our national mmunity as well for the st century. Last year the House passed the bipartisan campaign finance reform legislation sponsored by Representatives Shays and Meehan and Senators McCain and Feingold. But a partisan minority in the Senate blocked reform. So I'd like to say to the House: Pass it again, quickly. And I'd like to say to the Senate: I hope you will say yes to a stronger American democracy in the year . Since , our initiative on race has sought to bridge the divides between and among our people. In its report last fall, the initiative's advisory board found that Americans really do want to bring our people together across racial lines. We know it's been a long journey. For some, it goes back to before the beginning of our Republic; for others, back since the Civil War; for others, throughout the th century. But for most of us alive today, in a very real sense, this journey began years ago, when a woman named Rosa Parks sat down on a bus in Alabama and wouldn't get up. She's sitting down with the First Lady tonight, and she may get up or not, as she chooses. We thank her. Applause] Thank you, Rosa. We know that our ntinuing racial problems are aggravated, as the Presidential initiative said, by opportunity gaps. The initiative I've outlined tonight will help to close them. But we know that the discrimination gap has not been fully closed either. Discrimination or violence because of race or religion, ancestry or gender, disability or sexual orientation, is wrong, and it ought to be illegal. Therefore, I ask Congress to make the Employment Non-Discrimination Act" and the Hate Crimes Prevention Act" the law of the land. Now, since every person in America unts, every American ought to be unted. We need a census that uses modern scientific methods to do that. Our new immigrants must be part of our One America. After all, they're revitalizing our cities; they're energizing our culture; they're building up our enomy. We have a responsibility to make them welme here, and they have a responsibility to enter the mainstream of American life. That means learning English and learning about our democratic system of government. There are now long waiting lines of immigrants that are trying to do just that. Therefore, our budget significantly expands our efforts to help them meet their responsibility. I hope you will support it. Whether our ancestors came here on the Mayflower, on slave ships, whether they came to Ellis Island or LAX in Los Angeles, whether they came yesterday or walked this land a thousand years ago, our great challenge for the st century is to find a way to be one America. We can meet all the other challenges if we can go forward as one America. You know, barely more than days from now, we will cross that bridge into the new millennium. This is a moment, as the First Lady has said, to honor the past and imagine the future." I'd like to take just a minute to honor her. For leading our Millennium Project, for all she's done for our children, for all she has done in her historic role to serve our Nation and our best ideals at home and abroad, I honor her. Applause] Last year, I called on Congress and every citizen to mark the millennium by saving America's treasures. Hillary has traveled all across the untry to inspire regnition and support for saving places like Thomas Edison's invention factory or Harriet Tubman's home. Now we have to preserve our treasures in every mmunity. And tonight, before I close, I want to invite every town, every city, every mmunity to beme a nationally regnized millennium mmunity" by launching projects that save our history, promote our arts and humanities, prepare our children for the st century. Already, the response has been remarkable. And I want to say a special word of thanks to our private sector partners and to Members in Congress of both parties for their support. Just one example: Because of you, the Star-Spangled Banner will be preserved for the ages. In ways large and small, as we look to the millennium we are keeping alive what George Washington called the sacred fire of liberty." Six years ago, I came to office in a time of doubt for America, with our enomy troubled, our deficit high, our people divided. Some even wondered whether our best days were behind us. But across this untry, in a thousand neighborhoods, I have seen, even amidst the pain and uncertainty of recession, the real heart and character of America. I knew then that we Americans uld renew this untry. Tonight, as I deliver the last State of the Union Address of the th century, no one anywhere in the world can doubt the enduring resolve and boundless capacity of the American people to work toward that more perfect Union" of our Founders' dream. We're now at the end of a century when generation after generation of Americans answered the call to greatness, overming depression, lifting up the disposed, bringing down barriers to racial prejudice, building the largest middle class in history, winning two World Wars and the long twilight struggle of the ld war. We must all be profoundly grateful for the magnificent achievement of our forebears in this century. Yet perhaps, in the daily press of events, in the clash of ntroversy, we don't see our own time for what it truly is, a new dawn for America. A hundred years from tonight, another American President will stand in this place and report on the state of the Union. He—or she—he or she will look back on a st century shaped in so many ways by the decisions we make here and now. So let it be said of us then that we were thinking not only of our time but of their time, that we reached as high as our ideals, that we put aside our divisions and found a new hour of healing and hopefulness, that we joined together to serve and strengthen the land we love. My fellow Americans, this is our moment. Let us lift our eyes as one Nation, and from the mountaintop of this American Century, look ahead to the next one, asking God's blessing on our endeavors and on our beloved untry. Thank you, and good evening. For years, it has been the President's duty to report to you on the state of the Union. Because of the hard work and high purpose of the American people, these are good times for America. We have more than million new jobs, the lowest unemployment in years, the lowest re inflation in years; inmes are rising; and we have the highest homeownership in history. Crime has dropped for a rerd years in a row, and the welfare rolls are at their lowest levels in years. Our leadership in the world is unrivaled. Ladies and gentlemen, the state of our Union is strong. But with barely days left in the th century, this is not a time to rest. It is a time to build, to build the America within reach, an America where everybody has a chance to get ahead with hard work; where every citizen can live in a safe mmunity; where families are strong, schools are good, and all our young people can go on to llege; an America where scientists find cures for diseases from diabetes to Alzheimer's to AIDS; an America where every child can stretch a hand across a keyboard and reach every book ever written, every painting ever painted, every symphony ever mposed; where government provides opportunity and citizens honor the responsibility to give something back to their mmunities; an America which leads the world to new heights of peace and prosperity. This is the America we have begun to build; this is the America we can leave to our children if we join together to finish the work at hand. Let us strengthen our Nation for the st century. Rarely have Americans lived through so much change in so many ways in so short a time. Quietly, but with gathering force, the ground has shifted beneath our feet as we have moved into an information age, a global enomy, a truly new world. For years now, we have met the challenge of these changes, as Americans have at every turning point in our history, by renewing the very idea of America: widening the circle of opportunity, deepening the meaning of our freedom, forging a more perfect Union. We shaped a new kind of Government for the information age. I thank the Vice President for his leadership and the Congress for its support in building a Government that is leaner, more flexible, a catalyst for new ideas, and most of all, a Government that gives the American people the tools they need to make the most of their own lives. We have moved past the sterile debate between those who say government is the enemy and those who say government is the answer. My fellow Americans, we have found a third way. We have the smallest Government in years, but a more progressive one. We have a smaller Government, but a stronger Nation. We are moving steadily toward an even stronger America in the st century: an enomy that offers opportunity, a society rooted in responsibility, and a nation that lives as a mmunity. First, Americans in this Chamber and across our Nation have pursued a new strategy for prosperity: fiscal discipline to cut interest rates and spur growth; investments in education and skills, in science and technology and transportation, to prepare our people for the new enomy; new markets for American products and American workers. When I took office, the deficit for was projected to be billion and heading higher. This year, our deficit is projected to be billion and heading lower. For three decades, six Presidents have me before you to warn of the damage deficits pose to our Nation. Tonight I me before you to announce that the Federal deficit, once so inmprehensibly large that it had zeros, will be, simply, zero. I will submit to Congress for the first balanced budget in years. And if we hold fast to fiscal discipline, we may balance the budget this year— years ahead of schedule. You can all be proud of that, because turning a sea of red ink into black is no miracle. It is the product of hard work by the American people and of two visionary actions in Congress: the urageous vote in that led to a cut in the deficit of percent, and the truly historic bipartisan balanced budget agreement passed by this Congress. Here's the really good news: If we maintain our resolve, we will produce balanced budgets as far as the eye can see. We must not go back to unwise spending or untargeted tax cuts that risk reopening the deficit. Last year, together, we enacted targeted tax cuts so that the typical middle class family will now have the lowest tax rates in years. My plan to balance the budget next year includes both new investments and new tax cuts targeted to the needs of working families, for education, for child care, for the environment. But whether the issue is tax cuts or spending, I ask all of you to meet this test: Approve only those priorities that can actually be acmplished without adding a dime to the deficit. Now, if we balance the budget for next year, it is projected that we'll then have a sizable surplus in the years that immediately follow. What should we do with this projected surplus? I have a simple four-word answer: Save Social Security first. Tonight I propose that we reserve percent of the surplus—that's every penny of any surplus—until we have taken all the necessary measures to strengthen the Social Security system for the st century. Let us say to all Americans watching tonight—whether you're or or whether you just started paying into the system—Social Security will be there when you need it. Let us make this mmitment: Social Security first. Let's do that together. I also want to say that all the American people who are watching us tonight should be invited to join in this discussion, in facing these issues squarely and forming a true nsensus on how we should proceed. We'll start by nducting nonpartisan forums in every region of the untry, and I hope that lawmakers of both parties will participate. We'll hold a White House nference on Social Security in December. And one year from now, I will nvene the leaders of Congress to craft historic, bipartisan legislation to achieve a landmark for our generation: a Social Security system that is strong in the st century. In an enomy that honors opportunity, all Americans must be able to reap the rewards of prosperity. Because these times are good, we can afford to take one simple, sensible step to help millions of workers struggling to provide for their families: We should raise the minimum wage. The information age is, first and foremost, an education age, in which education must start at birth and ntinue throughout a lifetime. Last year, from this podium, I said that education has to be our highest priority. I laid out a point plan to move us forward and urged all of us to let politics stop at the schoolhouse door. Since then, this Congress—across party lines— and the American people have responded, in the most important year for education in a generation, expanding public school choice, opening the way to , new charter schools, working to nnect every classroom in the untry to the information superhighway, mmitting to expand Head Start to a million children, launching America Reads, sending literally thousands of llege students into our elementary schools to make sure all our -year-olds can read. Last year I proposed and you passed , new Pell grant scholarships for deserving students. Student loans, already less expensive and easier to repay—now you get to deduct the interest. Families all over America now can put their savings into new tax-free education IRA's. And this year, for the first years of llege, families will get a , tax credit—a HOPE scholarship that will ver the st of most mmunity llege tuition. And for junior and senior year, graduate school, and job training, there is a lifetime learning credit. You did that, and you should be very proud of it. And because of these actions, I have something to say to every family listening to us tonight: Your children can go on to llege. If you know a child from a poor family, tell her not to give up; she can go on to llege. If you know a young uple struggling with bills, worried they won't be able to send their children to llege, tell them not to give up; their children can go on to llege. If you know somebody who's caught in a dead-end job and afraid he can't afford the classes necessary to get better jobs for the rest of his life, tell him not to give up; he can go on to llege. Because of the things that have been done, we can make llege as universal in the st century as high school is today. And my friends, that will change the face and future of America. We have opened wide the doors of the world's best system of higher education. Now we must make our public elementary and sendary schools the world's best, as well, by raising standards, raising expectations, and raising acuntability. Thanks to the actions of this Congress last year, we will soon have, for the very first time, a voluntary national test based on national standards in fourth grade reading and eighth grade math. Parents have a right to know whether their children are mastering the basics. And every parent already knows the key: good teachers and small classes. Tonight I propose the first ever national effort to reduce class size in the early grades. My balanced budget will help to hire , new teachers who've passed a State mpetency test. Now, with these teachers—listen—with these teachers, we will actually be able to reduce class size in the first, send, and third grades to an average of students a class, all across America. If I've got the math right, more teachers teaching smaller classes requires more classrooms. So I also propose a school nstruction tax cut to help mmunities modernize or build , schools. We must also demand greater acuntability. When we promote a child from grade to grade who hasn't mastered the work, we don't do that child any favors. It is time to end social promotion in America's schools. Last year, in Chicago, they made that decision—not to hold our children back but to lift them up. Chicago stopped social promotion and started mandatory summer school to help students who are behind to catch up. I propose to help other mmunities follow Chicago's lead. Let's say to them: Stop promoting children who don't learn, and we will give you the tools to make sure they do. I also ask this Congress to support our efforts to enlist lleges and universities to reach out to disadvantaged children, starting in the sixth grade, so that they can get the guidance and hope they need so they can know that they, too, will be able to go on to llege. As we enter the st century, the global enomy requires us to seek opportunity not just at home but in all the markets of the world. We must shape this global enomy, not shrink from it. In the last years, we have led the way in opening new markets, with trade agreements that remove foreign barriers to products bearing the proud stamp Made in the USA." Today, rerd high exports acunt for fully one-third of our enomic growth. I want to keep them going, because that's the way to keep America growing and to advance a safer, more stable world. All of you know, whatever your views are, that I think this is a great opportunity for America. I know there is opposition to more mprehensive trade agreements. I have listened carefully, and I believe that the opposition is rooted in two fears: first, that our trading partners will have lower environmental and labor standards which will give them an unfair advantage in our market and do their own people no favors, even if there's more business; and, send, that if we have more trade, more of our workers will lose their jobs and have to start over. I think we should seek to advance worker and environmental standards around the world. I have made it abundantly clear that it should be a part of our trade agenda. But we cannot influence other untries' decisions if we send them a message that we're backing away from trade with them. This year I will send legislation to Congress, and ask other nations to join us, to fight the most intolerable labor practice of all: abusive child labor. We should also offer help and hope to those Americans temporarily left behind by the global marketplace or by the march of technology, which may have nothing to do with trade. That's why we have more than doubled funding for training dislocated workers since . And if my new budget is adopted, we will triple funding. That's why we must do more, and more quickly, to help workers who lose their jobs for whatever reason. You know, we help mmunities in a special way when their military base closes; we ought to help them in the same way if their factory closes. Again, I ask the Congress to ntinue its bipartisan work to nsolidate the tangle of training programs we have today into one single GI bill" for workers, a simple skills grant so people can, on their own, move quickly to new jobs, to higher inmes, and brighter futures. We all know, in every way in life, change is not always easy, but we have to decide whether we're going to try to hold it back and hide from it or reap its benefits. And remember the big picture here: While we've been entering into hundreds of new trade agreements, we've been creating millions of new jobs. So this year we will forge new partnerships with Latin America, Asia, and Europe. And we should pass the new African Trade Act"; it has bipartisan support. I will also renew my request for the fast-track negotiating authority necessary to open more new markets, create more new jobs, which every President has had for two decades. You know, whether we like it or not, in ways that are mostly positive, the world's enomies are more and more internnected and interdependent. Today, an enomic crisis anywhere can affect enomies everywhere. Recent months have brought serious financial problems to Thailand, Indonesia, South Korea, and beyond. Now, why should Americans be ncerned about this? First, these untries are our customers. If they sink into recession, they won't be able to buy the goods we'd like to sell them. Send, they're also our mpetitors. So if their currencies lose their value and go down, then the price of their goods will drop, flooding our market and others with much cheaper goods, which makes it a lot tougher for our people to mpete. And finally, they are our strategic partners. Their stability bolsters our security. The American enomy remains sound and strong, and I want to keep it that way. But because the turmoil in Asia will have an impact on all the world's enomies, including ours, making that negative impact as small as possible is the right thing to do for America and the right thing to do for a safer world. Our policy is clear: No nation can rever if it does not reform itself. But when nations are willing to undertake serious enomic reform, we should help them do it. So I call on Congress to renew America's mmitment to the International Monetary Fund. And I think we should say to all the people we're trying to represent here that preparing for a far-off storm that may reach our shores is far wiser than ignoring the thunder till the clouds are just overhead. A strong nation rests on the rock of responsibility. A society rooted in responsibility must first promote the value of work, not welfare. We can be proud that after decades of fingerpointing and failure, together we ended the old welfare system. And we're now replacing welfare checks with paychecks. Last year, after a rerd -year decline in welfare rolls, I challenged our Nation to move million more Americans off welfare by the year . I'm pleased to report we have also met that goal, full years ahead of schedule. This is a grand achievement, the sum of many acts of individual urage, persistence, and hope. For years, Elaine Kinslow of Indianapolis, Indiana, was on and off welfare. Today, she's a dispatcher with a van mpany. She's saved enough money to move her family into a good neighborhood, and she's helping other welfare recipients go to work. Elaine Kinslow and all those like her are the real heroes of the welfare revolution. There are millions like her all across America. And I'm happy she uld join the First Lady tonight. Elaine, we're very proud of you. Please stand up. Applause] We still have a lot more to do, all of us, to make welfare reform a success—providing child care, helping families move closer to available jobs, challenging more mpanies to join our welfare-to-work partnership, increasing child support llections from deadbeat parents who have a duty to support their own children. I also want to thank Congress for restoring some of the benefits to immigrants who are here legally and working hard, and I hope you will finish that job this year. We have to make it possible for all hardworking families to meet their most important responsibilities. Two years ago we helped guarantee that Americans can keep their health insurance when they change jobs. Last year we extended health care to up to million children. This year I challenge Congress to take the next historic steps. A hundred and sixty million of our fellow citizens are in managed care plans. These plans save money, and they can improve care. But medical decisions ought to be made by medical doctors, not insurance mpany acuntants. I urge this Congress to reach across the aisle and write into law a nsumer bill of rights that says this: You have the right to know all your medical options, not just the cheapest. You have the right to choose the doctor you want for the care you need. You have the right to emergency room care, wherever and whenever you need it. You have the right to keep your medical rerds nfidential. Traditional care or managed care, every American deserves quality care. Millions of Americans between the ages of and have lost their health insurance. Some are retired; some are laid off; some lose their verage when their spouses retire. After a lifetime of work, they are left with nowhere to turn. So I ask the Congress, let these hardworking Americans buy into the Medicare system. It won't add a dime to the deficit, but the peace of mind it will provide will be priceless. Next, we must help parents protect their children from the gravest health threat that they face: an epidemic of teen smoking, spread by multimillion-dollar marketing campaigns. I challenge Congress: Let's pass bipartisan, mprehensive legislation that will improve public health, protect our tobac farmers, and change the way tobac mpanies do business forever. Let's do what it takes to bring teen smoking down. Let's raise the price of cigarettes by up to a dollar and a half a pack over the next years, with penalties on the tobac industry if it keeps marketing to our children. Tomorrow, like every day, , children will start smoking, and , will die early as a result. Let this Congress be remembered as the Congress that saved their lives. In the new enomy, most parents work harder than ever. They face a nstant struggle to balance their obligations to be good workers and their even more important obligations to be good parents. The Family and Medical Leave Act was the very first bill I was privileged to sign into law as President in . Since then, about million people have taken advantage of it, and I've met a lot of them all across this untry. I ask you to extend that law to ver million more workers and to give parents time off when they have to go see their children's teachers or take them to the doctor. Child care is the next frontier we must face to enable people to succeed at home and at work. Last year I hosted the very first White House Conference on Child Care with one of our foremost experts, America's First Lady. From all rners of America, we heard the same message, without regard to region or inme or political affiliation: We've got to raise the quality of child care. We've got to make it safer. We've got to make it more affordable. So here's my plan: Help families to pay for child care for a million more children; scholarships and background checks for child care workers, and a new emphasis on early learning; tax credits for businesses that provide child care for their employees; and a larger child care tax credit for working families. Now, if you pass my plan, what this means is that a family of four with an inme of , and high child care sts will no longer pay a single penny of Federal inme tax. I think this is such a big issue with me because of my own personal experience. I have often wondered how my mother, when she was a young widow, would have been able to go away to school and get an education and me back and support me if my grandparents hadn't been able to take care of me. She and I were really very lucky. How many other families have never had that same opportunity? The truth is, we don't know the answer to that question. But we do know what the answer should be: Not a single American family should ever have to choose between the job they need and the child they love. A society rooted in responsibility must provide safe streets, safe schools, and safe neighborhoods. We pursued a strategy of more police, tougher punishment, smarter prevention, with crimefighting partnerships with local law enforcement and citizen groups, where the rubber hits the road. I can report to you tonight that it's working. Violent crime is down; robbery is down; assault is down; burglary is down—for years in a row, all across America. We need to finish the job of putting , more police on our streets. Again, I ask Congress to pass a juvenile crime bill that provides more prosecutors and probation officers, to crack down on gangs and guns and drugs, and bar violent juveniles from buying guns for life. And I ask you to dramatically expand our support for after-school programs. I think every American should know that most juvenile crime is mmitted between the hours of in the afternoon and at night. We can keep so many of our children out of trouble in the first place if we give them someplace to go other than the streets, and we ought to do it. Drug use is on the decline. I thank General McCaffrey for his leadership, and I thank this Congress for passing the largest antidrug budget in history. Now I ask you to join me in a groundbreaking effort to hire , new Border Patrol agents and to deploy the most sophisticated available new technologies to help close the door on drugs at our borders. Police, prosecutors, and prevention programs, as good as they are, they can't work if our urt system doesn't work. Today, there are large numbers of vacancies in our Federal urts. Here is what the Chief Justice of the United States wrote: Judicial vacancies cannot remain at such high levels indefinitely without eroding the quality of justice." I simply ask the United States Senate to heed this plea and vote on the highly qualified judicial nominees before you, up or down. We must exercise responsibility not just at home but around the world. On the eve of a new century, we have the power and the duty to build a new era of peace and security. But make no mistake about it; today's possibilities are not tomorrow's guarantees. America must stand against the poisoned appeals of extreme nationalism. We must mbat an unholy axis of new threats from terrorists, international criminals, and drug traffickers. These st century predators feed on technology and the free flow of information and ideas and people. And they will be all the more lethal if weapons of mass destruction fall into their hands. To meet these challenges, we are helping to write international rules of the road for the st century, protecting those who join the family of nations and isolating those who do not. Within days, I will ask the Senate for its advice and nsent to make Hungary, Poland, and the Czech Republic the newest members of NATO. For years, NATO ntained mmunism and kept America and Europe secure. Now, these three formerly Communist untries have said yes to democracy. I ask the Senate to say yes to them, our new allies. By taking in new members and working closely with new partners, including Russia and Ukraine, NATO can help to assure that Europe is a stronghold for peace in the st century. Next, I will ask Congress to ntinue its support of our troops and their mission in Bosnia. This Christmas, Hillary and I traveled to Sarajevo with Senator and Mrs. Dole and a bipartisan ngressional delegation. We saw children playing in the streets, where years ago they were hiding from snipers and shells. The shops are filled with food; the cafes were alive with nversation. The progress there is unmistakable, but it is not yet irreversible. To take firm root, Bosnia's fragile peace still needs the support of American and allied troops when the current NATO mission ends in June. I think Senator Dole actually said it best. He said, This is like being ahead in the fourth quarter of a football game. Now is not the time to walk off the field and forfeit the victory." I wish all of you uld have seen our troops in Tuzla. They're very proud of what they're doing in Bosnia, and we're all very proud of them. One of those brave soldiers is sitting with the First Lady tonight: Army Sergeant Michael Tolbert. His father was a derated Vietnam vet. After llege in Colorado, he joined the Army. Last year he led an infantry unit that stopped a mob of extremists from taking over a radio station that is a voice of democracy and tolerance in Bosnia. Thank you very much, Sergeant, for what you represent. Please stand up. Applause] In Bosnia and around the world, our men and women in uniform always do their mission well. Our mission must be to keep them welltrained and ready, to improve their quality of life, and to provide the st century weapons they need to defeat any enemy. I ask Congress to join me in pursuing an ambitious agenda to reduce the serious threat of weapons of mass destruction. This year, four decades after it was first proposed by President Eisenhower, a mprehensive nuclear test ban is within reach. By ending nuclear testing, we can help to prevent the development of new and more dangerous weapons and make it more difficult for non-nuclear states to build them. I'm pleased to announce that four former Chairmen of the Joint Chiefs of Staff—Generals John Shalikashvili, Colin Powell, and David Jones and Admiral William Crowe—have endorsed this treaty. And I ask the Senate to approve it this year. Together, we must nfront the new hazards of chemical and biological weapons and the outlaw states, terrorists, and organized criminals seeking to acquire them. Saddam Hussein has spent the better part of this decade and much of his nation's wealth not on providing for the Iraqi people but on developing nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons and the missiles to deliver them. The United Nations weapons inspectors have done a truly remarkable job finding and destroying more of Iraq's arsenal than was destroyed during the entire Gulf war. Now Saddam Hussein wants to stop them from mpleting their mission. I know I speak for everyone in this chamber, Republicans and Democrats, when I say to Saddam Hussein, You cannot defy the will of the world," and when I say to him, You have used weapons of mass destruction before. We are determined to deny you the capacity to use them again." Last year the Senate ratified the Chemical Weapons Convention to protect our soldiers and citizens from poison gas. Now we must act to prevent the use of disease as a weapon of war and terror. The Biological Weapons Convention has been in effect for years now. The rules are good, but the enforcement is weak. We must strengthen it with a new international inspection system to detect and deter cheating. In the months ahead, I will pursue our security strategy with old allies in Asia and Europe and new partners from Africa to India and Pakistan, from South America to China. And from Belfast to Korea to the Middle East, America will ntinue to stand with those who stand for peace. Finally, it's long past time to make good on our debt to the United Nations. More and more, we are working with other nations to achieve mmon goals. If we want America to lead, we've got to set a good example. As we see so clearly in Bosnia, allies who share our goals can also share our burdens. In this new era, our freedom and independence are actually enriched, not weakened, by our increasing interdependence with other nations. But we have to do our part. Our Founders set America on a permanent urse toward a more perfect Union. To all of you I say, it is a journey we can only make together, living as one mmunity. First, we have to ntinue to reform our Government, the instrument of our national mmunity. Everyone knows elections have beme too expensive, fueling a fundraising arms race. This year, by March th, at long last the Senate will actually vote on bipartisan campaign finance reform proposed by Senators McCain and Feingold. Let's be clear: A vote against McCain-Feingold is a vote for soft money and for the status quo. I ask you to strengthen our democracy and pass campaign finance reform this year. At least equally important, we have to address the real reason for the explosion in campaign sts: the high st of media advertising. [At this point, audience members responded.] The President. To the folks watching at home, those were the groans of pain in the audience. Laughter] I will formally request that the Federal Communications Commission act to provide free or reduced-st television time for candidates who observe spending limits voluntarily. The airwaves are a public trust, and broadcasters also have to help us in this effort to strengthen our democracy. Under the leadership of Vice President Gore, we've reduced the Federal payroll by , workers, cut , pages of regulation, eliminated hundreds of programs, and improved the operations of virtually every Government agency. But we can do more. Like every taxpayer, I'm outraged by the reports of abuses by the IRS. We need some changes there: new citizen advocacy panels, a stronger taxpayer advocate, phone lines open hours a day, relief for innocent taxpayers. Last year, by an overwhelming bipartisan margin, the House of Representatives passed sweeping IRS reforms. This bill must not now languish in the Senate. Tonight I ask the Senate: Follow the House; pass the bipartisan package as your first order of business. I hope to goodness before I finish I can think of something to say follow the Senate" on, so I'll be out of trouble. Laughter] A nation that lives as a mmunity must value all its mmunities. For the past years, we have worked to bring the spark of private enterprise to inner city and poor rural areas, with mmunity development banks, more mmercial loans in the poor neighborhoods, cleanup of polluted sites for development. Under the ntinued leadership of the Vice President, we propose to triple the number of empowerment zones to give business incentives to invest in those areas. We should also give poor families more help to move into homes of their own, and we should use tax cuts to spur the nstruction of more low-inme housing. Last year, this Congress took strong action to help the District of Columbia. Let us renew our resolve to make our Capital City a great city for all who live and visit here. Our cities are the vibrant hubs of great metropolitan areas. They are still the gateways for new immigrants from every ntinent, who me here to work for their own American dreams. Let's keep our cities going strong into the st century; they're a very important part of our future. Our mmunities are only as healthy as the air our children breathe, the water they drink, the Earth they will inherit. Last year we put in place the toughest-ever ntrols on smog and soot. We moved to protect Yellowstone, the Everglades, Lake Tahoe. We expanded every mmunity's right to know about the toxins that threaten their children. Just yesterday, our food safety plan took effect, using new science to protect nsumers from dangers like E. li and salmonella. Tonight I ask you to join me in launching a new clean water initiative, a far-reaching effort to clean our rivers, our lakes, and our astal waters for our children. Our overriding environmental challenge tonight is the worldwide problem of climate change, global warming, the gathering crisis that requires worldwide action. The vast majority of scientists have ncluded unequivocally that if we don't reduce the emission of greenhouse gases, at some point in the next century, we'll disrupt our climate and put our children and grandchildren at risk. This past December, America led the world to reach a historic agreement mmitting our Nation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through market forces, new technologies, energy efficiency. We have it in our power to act right here, right now. I propose billion in tax cuts and research and development to enurage innovation, renewable energy, fuel-efficient cars, energy-efficient homes. Every time we have acted to heal our environment, pessimists have told us it would hurt the enomy. Well, today, our enomy is the strongest in a generation, and our environment is the cleanest in a generation. We have always found a way to clean the environment and grow the enomy at the same time. And when it mes to global warming, we'll do it again. Finally, mmunity means living by the defining American value, the ideal heard round the world, that we are all created equal. Throughout our history, we haven't always honored that ideal and we've never fully lived up to it. Often it's easier to believe that our differences matter more than what we have in mmon. It may be easier, but it's wrong. What we have to do in our day and generation to make sure that America bemes truly one nation—what do we have to do? We're beming more and more and more diverse. Do you believe we can beme one nation? The answer cannot be to dwell on our differences but to build on our shared values. We all cherish family and faith, freedom and responsibility. We all want our children to grow up in a world where their talents are matched by their opportunities. I've launched this national initiative on race to help us regnize our mmon interests and to bridge the opportunity gaps that are keeping us from beming one America. Let us begin by regnizing what we still must overme. Discrimination against any American is un-American. We must vigorously enforce the laws that make it illegal. I ask your help to end the backlog at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Sixty thousand of our fellow citizens are waiting in line for justice, and we should act now to end their wait. We also should regnize that the greatest progress we can make toward building one America lies in the progress we make for all Americans, without regard to race. When we open the doors of llege to all Americans, when we rid all our streets of crime, when there are jobs available to people from all our neighborhoods, when we make sure all parents have the child care they need, we're helping to build one nation. We, in this Chamber and in this Government, must do all we can to address the ntinuing American challenge to build one America. But we'll only move forward if all our fellow citizens, including every one of you at home watching tonight, is also mmitted to this cause. We must work together, learn together, live together, serve together. On the forge of mmon enterprise, Americans of all backgrounds can hammer out a mmon identity. We see it today in the United States military, in the Peace Corps, in AmeriCorps. Wherever people of all races and backgrounds me together in a shared endeavor and get a fair chance, we do just fine. With shared values and meaningful opportunities and honest mmunication and citizen service, we can unite a diverse people in freedom and mutual respect. We are many; we must be one. In that spirit, let us lift our eyes to the new millennium. How will we mark that passage? It just happens once every , years. This year Hillary and I launched the White House Millennium Program to promote America's creativity and innovation, and to preserve our heritage and culture into the st century. Our culture lives in every mmunity, and every mmunity has places of historic value that tell our stories as Americans. We should protect them. I am proposing a public-private partnership to advance our arts and humanities and to celebrate the millennium by saving American's treasures, great and small. And while we honor the past, let us imagine the future. Now, think about this: The entire store of human knowledge now doubles every years. In the 's, scientists identified the gene causing cystic fibrosis; it took years. Last year scientists located the gene that causes Parkinson's disease in only days. Within a decade, gene chips" will offer a roadmap for prevention of illnesses throughout a lifetime. Soon we'll be able to carry all the phone calls on Mother's Day on a single strand of fiber the width of a human hair. A child born in may well live to see the d century. Tonight, as part of our gift to the millennium, I propose a st century research fund for pathbreaking scientific inquiry, the largest funding increase in history for the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, the National Cancer Institute. We have already disvered genes for breast cancer and diabetes. I ask you to support this initiative so ours will be the generation that finally wins the war against cancer and begins a revolution in our fight against all deadly diseases. As important as all this scientific progress is, we must ntinue to see that science serves humanity, not the other way around. We must prevent the misuse of genetic tests to discriminate against any American. And we must ratify the ethical nsensus of the scientific and religious mmunities and ban the cloning of human beings. We should enable all the world's people to explore the far reaches of cyberspace. Think of this: The first time I made a State of the Union speech to you, only a handful of physicists used the World Wide Web—literally, just a handful of people. Now, in schools, in libraries, homes, and businesses, millions and millions of Americans surf the Net every day. We must give parents the tools they need to help protect their children from inappropriate material on the Internet, but we also must make sure that we protect the exploding global mmercial potential of the Internet. We can do the kinds of things that we need to do and still protect our kids. For one thing, I ask Congress to step up support for building the next generation Internet. It's getting kind of clogged, you know, and the next generation Internet will operate at speeds up to , times faster than today. Even as we explore this inner space in the new millennium, we're going to open new frontiers in outer space. Throughout all history, humankind has had only one place to call home, our planet, Earth. Beginning this year, , men and women from untries will build a foothold in the heavens, the international space station. With its vast expanses, scientists and engineers will actually set sail on an uncharted sea of limitless mystery and unlimited potential. And this October, a true American hero, a veteran pilot of mbat missions and one -hour space flight that changed the world, will return to the heavens. Godspeed, John Glenn. Applause] John, you will carry with you America's hopes. And on your uniform, once again, you will carry America's flag, marking the unbroken nnection between the deeds of America's past and the daring of America's future. Nearly years ago, a tattered flag, its broad stripes and bright stars still gleaming through the smoke of a fierce battle, moved Francis Stt Key to scribble a few words on the back of an envelope, the words that became our national anthem. Today, that Star-Spangled Banner, along with the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights, are on display just a short walk from here. They are America's treasures, and we must also save them for the ages. I ask all Americans to support our project to restore all our treasures so that the generations of the st century can see for themselves the images and the words that are the old and ntinuing glory of America, an America that has ntinued to rise through every age, against every challenge, a people of great works and greater possibilities, who have always, always found the wisdom and strength to me together as one nation to widen the circle of opportunity, to deepen the meaning of our freedom, to form that more perfect Union. Let that be our gift to the st century. God bless you, and God bless the United States. We have much to be thankful for. With years of growth, we have won back the basic strength of our enomy. With crime and welfare rolls declining, we are winning back our optimism, the enduring faith that we can master any difficulty. With the ld war receding and global mmerce at rerd levels, we are helping to win an unrivaled peace and prosperity all across the world. My fellow Americans, the state of our Union is strong. But now we must rise to the decisive moment, to make a nation and a world better than any we have ever known. The new promise of the global enomy, the information age, unimagined new work, life-enhancing technology, all these are ours to seize. That is our honor and our challenge. We must be shapers of events, not observers, for if we do not act, the moment will pass, and we will lose the best possibilities of our future. We face no imminent threat, but we do have an enemy. The enemy of our time is inaction. So tonight I issue a call to action: action by this Congress, action by our States, by our people, to prepare America for the st century; action to keep our enomy and our democracy strong and working for all our people; action to strengthen education and harness the forces of technology and science; action to build stronger families and stronger mmunities and a safer environment; action to keep America the world's strongest force for peace, freedom, and prosperity; and above all, action to build a more perfect Union here at home. The spirit we bring to our work will make all the difference. We must be mmitted to the pursuit of opportunity for all Americans, responsibility from all Americans, in a mmunity of all Americans. And we must be mmitted to a new kind of Government, not to solve all our problems for us but to give our people, all our people, the tools they need to make the most of their own lives. And we must work together. The people of this Nation elected us all. They want us to be partners, not partisans. They put us all right here in the same boat, they gave us all oars, and they told us to row. Now, here is the direction I believe we should take. First, we must move quickly to mplete the unfinished business of our untry, to balance the budget, renew our democracy, and finish the job of welfare reform. Over the last years, we have brought new enomic growth by investing in our people, expanding our exports, cutting our deficits, creating over million new jobs, a -year rerd. Now we must keep our enomy the strongest in the world. We here tonight have an historic opportunity. Let this Congress be the Congress that finally balances the budget. Applause] Thank you. In days I will propose a detailed plan to balance the budget by . This plan will balance the budget and invest in our people while protecting Medicare, Medicaid, education, and the environment. It will balance the budget and build on the Vice President's efforts to make our Government work better, even as it sts less. It will balance the budget and provide middle class tax relief to pay for education and health care, to help to raise a child, to buy and sell a home. Balancing the budget requires only your vote and my signature. It does not require us to rewrite our Constitution. I believe it is both unnecessary and unwise to adopt a balanced budget amendment that uld cripple our untry in time of enomic crisis and force unwanted results, such as judges halting Social Security checks or increasing taxes. Let us at least agree, we should not pass any measure—no measure should be passed that threatens Social Security. Whatever your view on that, we all must ncede: We don't need a nstitutional amendment; we need action. Whatever our differences, we should balance the budget now. And then, for the long-term health of our society, we must agree to a bipartisan process to preserve Social Security and reform Medicare for the long run, so that these fundamental programs will be as strong for our children as they are for our parents. And let me say something that's not in my script tonight. I know this is not going to be easy. But I really believe one of the reasons the American people gave me a send term was to take the tough decisions in the next years that will carry our untry through the next years. I know it is easier for me than for you to say or do. But another reason I was elected is to support all of you, without regard to party, to give you what is necessary to join in these decisions. We owe it to our untry and to our future. Our send piece of unfinished business requires us to mmit ourselves tonight, before the eyes of America, to finally enacting bipartisan campaign finance reform. Now, Senators McCain and Feingold, Representatives Shays and Meehan have reached across party lines here to craft tough and fair reform. Their proposal would curb spending, reduce the role of special interests, create a level playing field between challengers and incumbents, and ban ntributions from noncitizens, all rporate sources, and the other large soft money ntributions that both parties receive. You know and I know that this can be delayed. And you know and I know the delay will mean the death of reform. So let's set our own deadline. Let's work together to write bipartisan campaign finance reform into law and pass McCain-Feingold by the day we celebrate the birth of our democracy, July the fourth. There is a third piece of unfinished business. Over the last years, we moved a rerd / million people off the welfare rolls. Then last year, Congress enacted landmark welfare reform legislation, demanding that all able-bodied recipients assume the responsibility of moving from welfare to work. Now each and every one of us has to fulfill our responsibility, indeed, our moral obligation, to make sure that people who now must work, can work. Now we must act to meet a new goal: million more people off the welfare rolls by the year . Here is my plan: Tax credits and other incentives for businesses that hire people off welfare; incentives for job placement firms and States to create more jobs for welfare recipients; training, transportation, and child care to help people go to work. Now I challenge every State: Turn those welfare checks into private sector paychecks. I challenge every religious ngregation, every mmunity nonprofit, every business to hire someone off welfare. And I'd like to say especially to every employer in our untry who ever criticized the old welfare system, you can't blame that old system anymore. We have torn it down. Now do your part. Give someone on welfare the chance to go to work. Tonight I am pleased to announce that five major rporations, Sprint, Monsanto, UPS, Burger King, and United Airlines, will be the first to join in a new national effort to marshal America's businesses, large and small, to create jobs so that people can move from welfare to work. We passed welfare reform. All of you know I believe we were right to do it. But no one can walk out of this Chamber with a clear nscience unless you are prepared to finish the job. And we must join together to do something else, too, something both Republican and Democratic Governors have asked us to do, to restore basic health and disability benefits when misfortune strikes immigrants who came to this untry legally, who work hard, pay taxes, and obey the law. To do otherwise is simply unworthy of a great nation of immigrants. Now, looking ahead, the greatest step of all, the high threshold of the future we must now cross, and my number one priority for the next years is to ensure that all Americans have the best education in the world. Let's work together to meet these three goals: Every -year-old must be able to read; every -year-old must be able to log on to the Internet; every -year-old must be able to go to llege; and every adult American must be able to keep on learning for a lifetime. My balanced budget makes an unprecedented mmitment to these goals, billion next year. But far more than money is required. I have a plan, a call to action for American education, based on these principles: First, a national crusade for education standards, not Federal Government standards but national standards, representing what all our students must know to succeed in the knowledge enomy of the st century. Every State and school must shape the curriculum to reflect these standards and train teachers to lift students up to them. To help schools meet the standards and measure their progress, we will lead an effort over the next years to develop national tests of student achievement in reading and math. Tonight I issue a challenge to the Nation: Every State should adopt high national standards, and by , every State should test every fourth grader in reading and every eighth grader in math to make sure these standards are met. Raising standards will not be easy, and some of our children will not be able to meet them at first. The point is not to put our children down but to lift them up. Good tests will show us who needs help, what changes in teaching to make, and which schools need to improve. They can help us end social promotions, for no child should move from grade school to junior high or junior high to high school until he or she is ready. Last month our Secretary of Education, Dick Riley, and I visited northern Illinois, where eighth-grade students from school districts, in a project aptly called First in the World, took the Third International Math and Science Study. That's a test that reflects the world-class standards our children must meet for the new era. And those students in Illinois tied for first in the world in science and came in send in math. Two of them, Kristen Tanner and Chris Getsler, are here tonight, along with their teacher, Sue Winski. They're up there with the First Lady. And they prove that when we aim high and challenge our students, they will be the best in the world. Let's give them a hand. Stand up, please. Applause] Send, to have the best schools, we must have the best teachers. Most of us in this Chamber would not be here tonight without the help of those teachers; I know that I wouldn't be here. For years, many of our educators, led by North Carolina's Governor Jim Hunt and the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards, have worked very hard to establish nationally accepted credentials for excellence in teaching. Just of these teachers have been certified since . My budget will enable , more to seek national certification as master teachers. We should reward and regnize our best teachers, and as we reward them, we should quickly and fairly remove those few who don't measure up. And we should challenge more of our finest young people to nsider teaching as a career. Third, we must do more to help all our children read. Forty percent— percent—of our -year-olds cannot read on their own. That's why we have just launched the America Reads initiative, to build a citizen army of one million volunteer tutors to make sure every child can read independently by the end of the third grade. We will use thousands of AmeriCorps volunteers to mobilize this citizen army. We want at least , llege students to help, and tonight I am pleased that llege presidents have answered my call, pledging that thousands of their work-study students will serve for one year as reading tutors. This is also a challenge to every teacher and every principal: You must use these tutors to help students read. And it is especially a challenge to our parents: You must read with your children every night. This leads to the fourth principle: Learning begins in the first days of life. Scientists are now disvering how young children develop emotionally and intellectually from their very first days and how important it is for parents to begin immediately talking, singing, even reading to their infants. The First Lady has spent years writing about this issue, studying it. And she and I are going to nvene a White House nference on early learning and the brain this spring, to explore how parents and educators can best use these startling new findings. We already know we should start teaching children before they start school. That's why this balanced budget expands Head Start to one million children by . And that is why the Vice President and Mrs. Gore will host their annual family nference this June on what we can do to make sure that parents are an active part of their children's learning all the way through school. They've done a great deal to highlight the importance of family in our life, and now they're turning their attention to getting more parents involved in their children's learning all the way through school. And I thank you, Mr. Vice President, and I thank you especially, Tipper, for what you do. Fifth, every State should give parents the power to choose the right public school for their children. Their right to choose will foster mpetition and innovation that can make public schools better. We should also make it possible for more parents and teachers to start charter schools, schools that set and meet the highest standards and exist only as long as they do. Our plan will help America to create , of these charter schools by the next century, nearly times as there are in the untry today, so that parents will have even more choices in sending their children to the best schools. Sixth, character education must be taught in our schools. We must teach our children to be good citizens. And we must ntinue to promote order and discipline, supporting mmunities that introduce school uniforms, impose curfews, enforce truancy laws, remove disruptive students from the classroom, and have zero tolerance for guns and drugs in school. Seventh, we cannot expect our children to raise themselves up in schools that are literally falling down. With the student population at an all-time high and rerd numbers of school buildings falling into disrepair, this has now beme a serious national ncern. Therefore, my budget includes a new initiative, billion to help mmunities finance billion in school nstruction over the next years. Eighth, we must make the th and th years of education, at least years of llege, just as universal in America by the st century as a high school education is today, and we must open the doors of llege to all Americans. To do that, I propose America's HOPE scholarship, based on Georgia's pioneering program: years of a , tax credit for llege tuition, enough to pay for the typical mmunity llege. I also propose a tax deduction of up to , a year for all tuition after high school, an expanded IRA you can withdraw from tax-free for education, and the largest increase in Pell grant scholarships in years. Now, this plan will give most families the ability to pay no taxes on money they save for llege tuition. I ask you to pass it and give every American who works hard the chance to go to llege. Ninth, in the st century, we must expand the frontiers of learning across a lifetime. All our people, of whatever age, must have the chance to learn new skills. Most Americans live near a mmunity llege. The roads that take them there can be paths to a better future. My GI bill" for America's workers will transform the nfusing tangle of Federal training programs into a simple skill grant to go directly into eligible workers' hands. For too long, this bill has been sitting on that desk there without action. I ask you to pass it now. Let's give more of our workers the ability to learn and to earn for a lifetime. Tenth, we must bring the power of the information age into all our schools. Last year, I challenged America to nnect every classroom and library to the Internet by the year , so that, for the first time in our history, children in the most isolated rural towns, the most mfortable suburbs, the poorest inner-city schools, will have the same access to the same universe of knowledge. That is my plan, a call to action for American education. Some may say that it is unusual for a President to pay this kind of attention to education. Some may say it is simply because the President and his wonderful wife have been obsessed with this subject for more years than they can recall. That is not what is driving these proposals. We must understand the significance of this endeavor. One of the greatest sources of our strength throughout the ld war was a bipartisan foreign policy. Because our future was at stake, politics stopped at the water's edge. Now I ask you and I ask all our Nation's Governors, I ask parents, teachers, and citizens all across America for a new nonpartisan mmitment to education, because education is a critical national security issue for our future, and politics must stop at the schoolhouse door. To prepare America for the st century, we must harness the powerful forces of science and technology to benefit all Americans. This is the first State of the Union carried live in video over the Internet. But we've only begun to spread the benefits of a technology revolution that should beme the modern birthright of every citizen. Our effort to nnect every classroom is just the beginning. Now we should nnect every hospital to the Internet, so that doctors can instantly share data about their patients with the best specialists in the field. And I challenge the private sector tonight to start by nnecting every children's hospital as soon as possible, so that a child in bed can stay in touch with school, family, and friends. A sick child need no longer be a child alone. We must build the send generation of the Internet so that our leading universities and national laboratories can mmunicate in speeds , times faster than today, to develop new medical treatments, new sources of energy, new ways of working together. But we cannot stop there. As the Internet bemes our new town square, a mputer in every home, a teacher of all subjects, a nnection to all cultures, this will no longer be a dream but a necessity. And over the next decade, that must be our goal. We must ntinue to explore the heavens, pressing on with the Mars probes and the international space station, both of which will have practical applications for our everyday living. We must speed the remarkable advances in medical science. The human genome project is now deding the genetic mysteries of life. American scientists have disvered genes linked to breast cancer and ovarian cancer and medication that stops a stroke in progress and begins to reverse its effects and treatments that dramatically lengthen the lives of people with HIV and AIDS. Since I took office, funding for AIDS research at the National Institutes of Health has increased dramatically to . billion. With new resources, NIH will now beme the most powerful disvery engine for an AIDS vaccine, working with other scientists to finally end the threat of AIDS. Remember that every year— every year—we move up the disvery of an AIDS vaccine will save millions of lives around the world. We must reinforce our mmitment to medical science. To prepare America for the st century, we must build stronger families. Over the past years, the family and medical leave law has helped millions of Americans to take time off to be with their families. With new pressures on people in the way they work and live, I believe we must expand family leave so that workers can take time off for teacher nferences and a child's medical checkup. We should pass flextime, so workers can choose to be paid for overtime in inme or trade it in for time off to be with their families. We must ntinue, step by step, to give more families access to affordable, quality health care. Forty million Americans still lack health insurance. Ten million children still lack health insurance; percent of them have working parents who pay taxes. That is wrong. My balanced budget will extend health verage to up to million of those children. Since nearly half of all children who lose their insurance do so because their parents lose or change a job, my budget will also ensure that people who temporarily lose their jobs can still afford to keep their health insurance. No child should be without a doctor just because a parent is without a job. My Medicare plan modernizes Medicare, increases the life of the Trust Fund to years, provides support for respite care for the many families with loved ones afflicted with Alzheimer's, and for the first time, it would fully pay for annual mammograms. Just as we ended drive-through deliveries of babies last year, we must now end the dangerous and demeaning practice of forcing women home from the hospital only hours after a mastectomy. I ask your support for bipartisan legislation to guarantee that a woman can stay in the hospital for hours after a mastectomy. With us tonight is Dr. Kristen Zarfos, a Connecticut surgeon whose outrage at this practice spurred a national movement and inspired this legislation. I'd like her to stand so we can thank her for her efforts. Dr. Zarfos, thank you. Applause] In the last years, we have increased child support llections by percent. Now we should go further and do better by making it a felony for any parent to cross a State line in an attempt to flee from this, his or her most sacred obligation. Finally, we must also protect our children by standing firm in our determination to ban the advertising and marketing of cigarettes that endanger their lives. To prepare America for the st century, we must build stronger mmunities. We should start with safe streets. Serious crime has dropped years in a row. The key has been mmunity policing. We must finish the job of putting , mmunity police on the streets of the United States. We should pass the victims' rights amendment to the Constitution. And I ask you to mount a full-scale assault on juvenile crime with legislation that declares war on gangs with new prosecutors and tougher penalties; extends the Brady bill so violent teen criminals will not be able to buy handguns; requires child safety locks on handguns to prevent unauthorized use; and helps to keep our schools open after hours, on weekends, and in the summer, so our young people will have someplace to go and something to say yes to. This balanced budget includes the largest antidrug effort ever, to stop drugs at their source, punish those who push them, and teach our young people that drugs are wrong, drugs are illegal, and drugs will kill them. I hope you will support it. Our growing enomy has helped to revive poor urban and rural neighborhoods. But we must do more to empower them to create the nditions in which all families can flourish and to create jobs through investment by business and loans by banks. We should double the number of empowerment zones. They've already brought so much hope to mmunities like Detroit, where the unemployment rate has been cut in half in years. We should restore ntaminated urban land and buildings to productive use. We should expand the network of mmunity development banks. And together we must pledge tonight that we will use this empowerment approach, including private-sector tax incentives, to renew our Capital City, so that Washington is a great place to work and live and once again the proud face America shows the world. We must protect our environment in every mmunity. In the last years, we cleaned up toxic waste sites, as many as in the previous . Now we should clean up more, so that our children grow up next to parks, not poison. I urge you to pass my proposal to make big polluters live by a simple rule: If you pollute our environment, you should pay to clean it up. In the last years, we strengthened our Nation's safe food and clean drinking water laws. We protected some of America's rarest, most beautiful land in Utah's Red Rocks region, created three new national parks in the California desert, and began to restore the Florida Everglades. Now we must be as vigilant with our rivers as we are with our lands. Tonight I announce that this year I will designate American Heritage Rivers, to help mmunities alongside them revitalize their waterfronts and clean up pollution in the rivers, proving once again that we can grow the enomy as we protect the environment. We must also protect our global environment, working to ban the worst toxic chemicals and to reduce the greenhouse gases that challenge our health even as they change our climate. Now, we all know that in all of our mmunities, some of our children simply don't have what they need to grow and learn in their own homes or schools or neighborhoods. And that means the rest of us must do more, for they are our children, too. That's why President Bush, General Colin Powell, former Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros will join the Vice President and me to lead the Presidents' Summit of Service in Philadelphia in April. Our national service program, AmeriCorps, has already helped , young people to work their way through llege as they serve America. Now we intend to mobilize millions of Americans to serve in thousands of ways. Citizen service is an American responsibility which all Americans should embrace, and I ask your support for that endeavor. I'd like to make just one last point about our national mmunity. Our enomy is measured in numbers and statistics, and it's very important. But the enduring worth of our Nation lies in our shared values and our soaring spirit. So instead of cutting back on our modest efforts to support the arts and humanities, I believe we should stand by them and challenge our artists, musicians, and writers, challenge our museums, libraries, and theaters. We should challenge all Americans in the arts and humanities to join with our fellow citizens to make the year a national celebration of the American spirit in every mmunity, a celebration of our mmon culture in the century that has passed and in the new one to me in the new millennium, so that we can remain the world's bean not only of liberty but of creativity long after the fireworks have faded. To prepare America for the st century, we must master the forces of change in the world and keep American leadership strong and sure for an uncharted time. Fifty years ago, a farsighted America led in creating the institutions that secured victory in the ld war and built a growing world enomy. As a result, today more people than ever embrace our ideals and share our interests. Already we have dismantled many of the blocs and barriers that divided our parents' world. For the first time, more people live under democracy than dictatorship, including every nation in our own hemisphere but one, and its day, too, will me. Now we stand at another moment of change and choice and another time to be farsighted, to bring America more years of security and prosperity. In this endeavor, our first task is to help to build, for the very first time, an undivided, democratic Europe. When Europe is stable, prosperous, and at peace, America is more secure. To that end, we must expand NATO by , so that untries that were once our adversaries can beme our allies. At the special NATO summit this summer, that is what we will begin to do. We must strengthen NATO's Partnership For Peace with non-member allies. And we must build a stable partnership between NATO and a democratic Russia. An expanded NATO is good for America, and a Europe in which all democracies define their future not in terms of what they can do to each other but in terms of what they can do together for the good of all—that kind of Europe is good for America. Send, America must look to the East no less than to the West. Our security demands it. Americans fought three wars in Asia in this century. Our prosperity requires it. More than million American jobs depend upon trade with Asia. There, too, we are helping to shape an Asia-Pacific mmunity of operation, not nflict. Let our progress there not mask the peril that remains. Together with South Korea, we must advance peace talks with North Korea and bridge the ld war's last divide. And I call on Congress to fund our share of the agreement under which North Korea must ntinue to freeze and then dismantle its nuclear weapons program. We must pursue a deeper dialog with China for the sake of our interests and our ideals. An isolated China is not good for America; a China playing its proper role in the world is. I will go to China, and I have invited China's President to me here, not because we agree on everything but because engaging China is the best way to work on our mmon challenges like ending nuclear testing and to deal frankly with our fundamental differences like human rights. The American people must prosper in the global enomy. We've worked hard to tear down trade barriers abroad so that we can create good jobs at home. I am proud to say that today America is once again the most mpetitive nation and the number one exporter in the world. Now we must act to expand our exports, especially to Asia and Latin America, two of the fastest growing regions on Earth, or be left behind as these emerging enomies forge new ties with other nations. That is why we need the authority now to nclude new trade agreements that open markets to our goods and services even as we preserve our values. We need not shrink from the challenge of the global enomy. After all, we have the best workers and the best products. In a truly open market, we can out-mpete anyone, anywhere on Earth. But this is about more than enomics. By expanding trade, we can advance the cause of freedom and democracy around the world. There is no better example of this truth than Latin America, where democracy and open markets are on the march together. That is why I will visit there in the spring to reinforce our important tie. We should all be proud that America led the effort to rescue our neighbor Mexi from its enomic crisis. And we should all be proud that last month Mexi repaid the United States full years ahead of schedule, with half a billion dollar profit to us. America must ntinue to be an unrelenting force for peace from the Middle East to Haiti, from Northern Ireland to Africa. Taking reasonable risks for peace keeps us from being drawn into far more stly nflicts later. With American leadership, the killing has stopped in Bosnia. Now the habits of peace must take hold. The new NATO force will allow renstruction and renciliation to accelerate. Tonight I ask Congress to ntinue its strong support of our troops. They are doing a remarkable job there for America, and America must do right by them. Fifth, we must move strongly against new threats to our security. In the past years, we agreed to ban—we led the way to a worldwide agreement to ban nuclear testing. With Russia, we dramatically cut nuclear arsenals, and we stopped targeting each other's citizens. We are acting to prevent nuclear materials from falling into the wrong hands and to rid the world of landmines. We are working with other nations with renewed intensity to fight drug traffickers and to stop terrorists before they act and hold them fully acuntable if they do. Now we must rise to a new test of leadership, ratifying the Chemical Weapons Convention. Make no mistake about it. It will make our troops safer from chemical attack. It will help us to fight terrorism. We have no more important obligations, especially in the wake of what we now know about the Gulf war. This treaty has been bipartisan from the beginning, supported by Republican and Democratic administrations and Republican and Democratic Members of Congress and already approved by nations. But if we do not act by April th, when this nvention goes into force with or without us, we will lose the chance to have Americans leading and enforcing this effort. Together we must make the Chemical Weapons Convention law, so that at last we can begin to outlaw poison gas from the Earth. Finally, we must have the tools to meet all these challenges. We must maintain a strong and ready military. We must increase funding for weapons modernization by the year , and we must take good care of our men and women in uniform. They are the world's finest. We must also renew our mmitment to America's diplomacy and pay our debts and dues to international financial institutions like the World Bank and to a reforming United Nations. Every dollar we devote to preventing nflicts, to promoting democracy, to stopping the spread of disease and starvation, brings a sure return in security and savings. Yet international affairs spending today is just one percent of the Federal budget, a small fraction of what America invested in diplomacy to choose leadership over escapism at the start of the ld war. If America is to ntinue to lead the world, we here who lead America simply must find the will to pay our way. A farsighted America moved the world to a better place over these last years. And so it can be for another years. But a shortsighted America will soon find its words falling on deaf ears all around the world. Almost exactly years ago, in the first winter of the ld war, President Truman stood before a Republican Congress and called upon our untry to meet its responsibilities of leadership. This was his warning; he said, If we falter, we may endanger the peace of the world, and we shall surely endanger the welfare of this Nation." That Congress, led by Republicans like Senator Arthur Vandenberg, answered President Truman's call. Together, they made the mmitments that strengthened our untry for years. Now let us do the same. Let us do what it takes to remain the indispensable nation, to keep America strong, secure, and prosperous for another years. In the end, more than anything else, our world leadership grows out of the power of our example here at home, out of our ability to remain strong as one America. All over the world, people are being torn asunder by racial, ethnic, and religious nflicts that fuel fanaticism and terror. We are the world's most diverse democracy, and the world looks to us to show that it is possible to live and advance together across those kinds of differences. America has always been a nation of immigrants. From the start, a steady stream of people in search of freedom and opportunity have left their own lands to make this land their home. We started as an experiment in democracy fueled by Europeans. We have grown into an experiment in democratic diversity fueled by openness and promise. My fellow Americans, we must never, ever believe that our diversity is a weakness. It is our greatest strength. Americans speak every language, know every untry. People on every ntinent can look to us and see the reflection of their own great potential, and they always will, as long as we strive to give all of our citizens, whatever their background, an opportunity to achieve their own greatness. We're not there yet. We still see evidence of abiding bigotry and intolerance in ugly words and awful violence, in burned churches and bombed buildings. We must fight against this, in our untry and in our hearts. Just a few days before my send Inauguration, one of our untry's best known pastors, Reverend Robert Schuller, suggested that I read Isaiah :. Here's what it says: Thou shalt raise up the foundations of many generations, and thou shalt be called the repairer of the breach, the restorer of paths to dwell in." I placed my hand on that verse when I took the oath of office, on behalf of all Americans, for no matter what our differences in our faiths, our backgrounds, our politics, we must all be repairers of the breach. I want to say a word about two other Americans who show us how. Congressman Frank Tejeda was buried yesterday, a proud American whose family came from Mexi. He was only years old. He was awarded the Silver Star, the Bronze Star, and the Purple Heart fighting for his untry in Vietnam. And he went on to serve Texas and America fighting for our future here in this Chamber. We are grateful for his service and honored that his mother, Lillie Tejeda, and his sister, Mary Alice, have me from Texas to be with us here tonight. And we welme you. Gary Locke, the newly elected Governor of Washington State, is the first Chinese-American Governor in the history of our untry. He's the proud son of two of the millions of Asian-American immigrants who have strengthened America with their hard work, family values, and good citizenship. He represents the future we can all achieve. Thank you, Governor, for being here. Please stand up. Applause] Reverend Schuller, Congressman Tejeda, Governor Locke, along with Kristen Tanner and Chris Getsler, Sue Winski and Dr. Kristen Zarfos, they're all Americans from different roots whose lives reflect the best of what we can beme when we are one America. We may not share a mmon past, but we surely do share a mmon future. Building one America is our most important mission, the foundation for many generations of every other strength we must build for this new century. Money cannot buy it. Power cannot mpel it. Technology cannot create it. It can only me from the human spirit. America is far more than a place. It is an idea, the most powerful idea in the history of nations. And all of us in this Chamber, we are now the bearers of that idea, leading a great people into a new world. A child born tonight will have almost no memory of the th century. Everything that child will know about America will be because of what we do now to build a new century. We don't have a moment to waste. Tomorrow there will be just over , days until the year ; , days to prepare our people; , days to work together; , days to build a bridge to a land of new promise. My fellow Americans, we have work to do. Let us seize those days and the century. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. My duty tonight is to report on the state of the Union, not the state of our Government but of our American mmunity, and to set forth our responsibilities, in the words of our Founders, to form a more perfect Union. The state of the Union is strong. Our enomy is the healthiest it has been in three decades. We have the lowest mbined rates of unemployment and inflation in years. We have mpleted—created nearly million new jobs, over a million of them in basic industries like nstruction and automobiles. America is selling more cars than Japan for the first time since the 's. And for years in a row, we have had a rerd number of new businesses started in our untry. Our leadership in the world is also strong, bringing hope for new peace. And perhaps most important, we are gaining ground in restoring our fundamental values. The crime rate, the welfare and food stamp rolls, the poverty rate, and the teen pregnancy rate are all down. And as they go down, prospects for America's future go up. We live in an age of possibility. A hundred years ago we moved from farm to factory. Now we move to an age of technology, information, and global mpetition. These changes have opened vast new opportunities for our people, but they have also presented them with stiff challenges. While more Americans are living better, too many of our fellow citizens are working harder just to keep up, and they are rightly ncerned about the security of their families. We must answer here three fundamental questions: First, how do we make the American dream of opportunity for all a reality for all Americans who are willing to work for it? Send, how do we preserve our old and enduring values as we move into the future? And third, how do we meet these challenges together, as one America? We know big Government does not have all the answers. We know there's not a program for every problem. We know, and we have worked to give the American people a smaller, less bureaucratic Government in Washington. And we have to give the American people one that lives within its means. The era of big Government is over. But we cannot go back to the time when our citizens were left to fend for themselves. Instead, we must go forward as one America, one nation working together to meet the challenges we face together. Self-reliance and teamwork are not opposing virtues; we must have both. I believe our new, smaller Government must work in an old-fashioned American way, together with all of our citizens through State and local governments, in the workplace, in religious, charitable, and civic associations. Our goal must be to enable all our people to make the most of their own lives, with stronger families, more educational opportunity, enomic security, safer streets, a cleaner environment in a safer world. To improve the state of our Union, we must ask more of ourselves, we must expect more of each other, and we must face our challenges together. Here, in this place, our responsibility begins with balancing the budget in a way that is fair to all Americans. There is now broad bipartisan agreement that permanent deficit spending must me to an end. I mpliment the Republican leadership and the membership for the energy and determination you have brought to this task of balancing the budget. And I thank the Democrats for passing the largest deficit reduction plan in history in , which has already cut the deficit nearly in half in years. Since , we have all begun to see the benefits of deficit reduction. Lower interest rates have made it easier for businesses to borrow and to invest and to create new jobs. Lower interest rates have brought down the st of home mortgages, car payments, and credit card rates to ordinary citizens. Now it is time to finish the job and balance the budget. Though differences remain among us which are significant, the mbined total of the proposed savings that are mmon to both plans is more than enough, using the numbers from your Congressional Budget Office, to balance the budget in years and to provide a modest tax cut. These cuts are real. They will require sacrifice from everyone. But these cuts do not undermine our fundamental obligations to our parents, our children, and our future by endangering Medicare or Medicaid or education or the environment or by raising taxes on working families. I have said before, and let me say again, many good ideas have me out of our negotiations. I have learned a lot about the way both Republicans and Democrats view the debate before us. I have learned a lot about the good ideas that each side has that we uld all embrace. We ought to resolve our remaining differences. I am willing to work to resolve them. I am ready to meet tomorrow. But I ask you to nsider that we should at least enact these savings that both plans have in mmon and give the American people their balanced budget, a tax cut, lower interest rates, and a brighter future. We should do that now and make permanent deficits yesterday's legacy. Now it is time for us to look also to the challenges of today and tomorrow, beyond the burdens of yesterday. The challenges are significant. But our Nation was built on challenges. America was built on challenges, not promises. And when we work together to meet them, we never fail. That is the key to a more perfect Union. Our individual dreams must be realized by our mmon efforts. Tonight I want to speak to you about the challenges we all face as a people. Our first challenge is to cherish our children and strengthen America's families. Family is the foundation of American life. If we have stronger families, we will have a stronger America. Before I go on, I'd like to take just a moment to thank my own family and to thank the person who has taught me more than anyone else over years about the importance of families and children, a wonderful wife, a magnificent mother, and a great First Lady. Thank you, Hillary. All strong families begin with taking more responsibility for our children. I've heard Mrs. Gore say that it's hard to be a parent today, but it's even harder to be a child. So all of us, not just as parents but all of us in our other roles—our media, our schools, our teachers, our mmunities, our churches and synagogues, our businesses, our governments—all of us have a responsibility to help our children to make it and to make the most of their lives and their God-given capacities. To the media, I say you should create movies and CD's and television shows you'd want your own children and grandchildren to enjoy. I call on Congress to pass the requirement for a V-chip in TV sets so that parents can screen out programs they believe are inappropriate for their children. When parents ntrol what their young children see, that is not censorship; that is enabling parents to assume more personal responsibility for their children's upbringing. And I urge them to do it. The Vchip requirement is part of the important telemmunications bill now pending in this Congress. It has bipartisan support, and I urge you to pass it now. To make the V-chip work, I challenge the broadcast industry to do what movies have done, to identify your program in ways that help parents to protect their children. And I invite the leaders of major media rporations in the entertainment industry to me to the White House next month to work with us in a positive way on ncrete ways to improve what our children see on television. I am ready to work with you. I say to those who make and market cigarettes, every year a million children take up smoking, even though it's against the law. Three hundred thousand of them will have their lives shortened as a result. Our administration has taken steps to stop the massive marketing campaigns that appeal to our children. We are simply saying: Market your products to adults, if you wish, but draw the line on children. I say to those who are on welfare, and especially to those who have been trapped on welfare for a long time: For too long our welfare system has undermined the values of family and work instead of supporting them. The Congress and I are near agreement on sweeping welfare reform. We agree on time limits, tough work requirements, and the toughest possible child support enforcement. But I believe we must also provide child care so that mothers who are required to go to work can do so without worrying about what is happening to their children. I challenge this Congress to send me a bipartisan welfare reform bill that will really move people from welfare to work and do the right thing by our children. I will sign it immediately. Let us be candid about this difficult problem. Passing a law, even the best possible law, is only a first step. The next step is to make it work. I challenge people on welfare to make the most of this opportunity for independence. I challenge American businesses to give people on welfare the chance to move into the work force. I applaud the work of religious groups and others who care for the poor. More than anyone else in our society, they know the true difficulty of the task before us, and they are in a position to help. Every one of us should join them. That is the only way we can make real welfare reform a reality in the lives of the American people. To strengthen the family we must do everything we can to keep the teen pregnancy rate going down. I am gratified, as I'm sure all Americans are, that it has dropped for years in a row. But we all know it is still far too high. Tonight I am pleased to announce that a group of prominent Americans is responding to that challenge by forming an organization that will support grassroots mmunity efforts all across our untry in a national campaign against teen pregnancy. And I challenge all of us and every American to join their efforts. I call on American men and women in families to give greater respect to one another. We must end the deadly surge of domestic violence in our untry. And I challenge America's families to work harder to stay together. For families who stay together not only do better enomically, their children do better as well. In particular, I challenge the fathers of this untry to love and care for their children. If your family has separated, you must pay your child support. We're doing more than ever to make sure you do, and we're going to do more. But let's all admit something about that, too: A check will never substitute for a parent's love and guidance. And only you—only you can make the decision to help raise your children. No matter who you are, how low or high your station in life, it is the most basic human duty of every American to do that job to the best of his or her ability. Our send challenge is to provide Americans with the educational opportunities we'll all need for this new century. In our schools, every classroom in America must be nnected to the information superhighway, with mputers and good software and well-trained teachers. We are working with the telemmunications industry, educators, and parents to nnect percent of California's classrooms by this spring, and every classroom and every library in the entire United States by the year . I ask Congress to support this education technology initiative so that we can make sure this national partnership succeeds. Every diploma ought to mean something. I challenge every mmunity, every school, and every State to adopt national standards of excellence, to measure whether schools are meeting those standards, to cut bureaucratic redtape so that schools and teachers have more flexibility for grassroots reform, and to hold them acuntable for results. That's what our Goals initiative is all about. I challenge every State to give all parents the right to choose which public school their children will attend and to let teachers form new schools with a charter they can keep only if they do a good job. I challenge all our schools to teach character education, to teach good values and good citizenship. And if it means that teenagers will stop killing each other over designer jackets, then our public schools should be able to require their students to wear school uniforms. I challenge our parents to beme their children's first teachers. Turn off the TV. See that the homework is done. And visit your children's classroom. No program, no teacher, no one else can do that for you. My fellow Americans, higher education is more important today than ever before. We've created a new student loan program that's made it easier to borrow and repay those loans, and we have dramatically cut the student loan default rate. That's something we should all be proud of because it was unnscionably high just a few years ago. Through AmeriCorps, our national service program, this year , young people will earn llege money by serving their local mmunities to improve the lives of their friends and neighbors. These initiatives are right for America, and we should keep them going. And we should also work hard to open the doors of llege even wider. I challenge Congress to expand work-study and help one million young Americans work their way through llege by the year , to provide a , merit scholarship for the top percent of graduates in every high school in the United States, to expand Pell grant scholarships for deserving and needy students, and to make up to , a year of llege tuition tax deductible. It's a good idea for America. Our third challenge is to help every American who is willing to work for it achieve enomic security in this new age. People who work hard still need support to get ahead in the new enomy. They need education and training for a lifetime. They need more support for families raising children. They need retirement security. They need access to health care. More and more Americans are finding that the education of their childhood simply doesn't last a lifetime. So I challenge Congress to nsolidate overlapping, antiquated job training programs into a simple voucher worth , for unemployed or underemployed workers to use as they please for mmunity llege tuition or other training. This is a GI bill" for America's workers we should all be able to agree on. More and more Americans are working hard without a raise. Congress sets the minimum wage. Within a year, the minimum wage will fall to a -year low in purchasing power. Four dollars and cents an hour is no longer a minimum wage, but millions of Americans and their children are trying to live on it. I challenge you to raise their minimum wage. In , Congress cut the taxes of million hard-pressed working families to make sure that no parents who work full time would have to raise their children in poverty and to enurage people to move from welfare to work. This expanded earned-inme tax credit is now worth about , a year to a family of four living on ,. The budget bill I vetoed would have reversed this achievement and raised taxes on nearly million of these people. We should not do that. We should not do that. But I also agree that the people who are helped under this initiative are not all those in our untry who are working hard to do a good job raising their children and at work. I agree that we need a tax credit for working families with children. That's one of the things most of us in this Chamber, I hope, can agree on. I know it is strongly supported by the Republican majority. And it should be part of any final budget agreement. I want to challenge every business that can possibly afford it to provide pensions for your employees. And I challenge Congress to pass a proposal remmended by the White House Conference on Small Business that would make it easier for small businesses and farmers to establish their own pension plans. That is something we should all agree on. We should also protect existing pension plans. Two years ago, with bipartisan support that was almost unanimous on both sides of the aisle, we moved to protect the pensions of million working people and to stabilize the pensions of million more. Congress should not now let mpanies endanger those workers' pension funds. I know the proposal to liberalize the ability of employers to take money out of pension funds for other purposes would raise money for the Treasury, but I believe it is false enomy. I vetoed that proposal last year, and I would have to do so again. Finally, if our working families are going to succeed in the new enomy, they must be able to buy health insurance policies that they do not lose when they change jobs or when someone in their family gets sick. Over the past years, over one million Americans in working families have lost their health insurance. We have to do more to make health care available to every American. And Congress should start by passing the bipartisan bill sponsored by Senator Kennedy and Senator Kassebaum that would require insurance mpanies to stop dropping people when they switch jobs and stop denying verage for preexisting nditions. Let's all do that. And even as we enact savings in these programs, we must have a mmon mmitment to preserve the basic protections of Medicare and Medicaid, not just to the poor but to people in working families, including children, people with disabilities, people with AIDS, senior citizens in nursing homes. In the past years, we've saved billion just by fighting health care fraud and abuse. We have all agreed to save much more. We have all agreed to stabilize the Medicare Trust Fund. But we must not abandon our fundamental obligations to the people who need Medicare and Medicaid. America cannot beme stronger if they beme weaker. The GI bill" for workers, tax relief for education and childrearing, pension availability and protection, access to health care, preservation of Medicare and Medicaid, these things, along with the Family and Medical Leave Act passed in , these things will help responsible, hardworking American families to make the most of their own lives. But employers and employees must do their part as well, as they are doing in so many of our finest mpanies, working together, putting the long-term prosperity ahead of the short-term gain. As workers increase their hours and their productivity, employers should make sure they get the skills they need and share the benefits of the good years as well as the burdens of the bad ones. When mpanies and workers work as a team they do better, and so does America. Our fourth great challenge is to take our streets back from crime and gangs and drugs. At last we have begun to find a way to reduce crime, forming mmunity partnerships with local police forces to catch criminals and prevent crime. This strategy, called mmunity policing, is clearly working. Violent crime is ming down all across America. In New York City, murders are down percent; in St. Louis, percent; in Seattle, percent. But we still have a long way to go before our streets are safe and our people are free from fear. The crime bill of is critical to the success of mmunity policing. It provides funds for , new police in mmunities of all sizes. We're already a third of the way there. And I challenge the Congress to finish the job. Let us stick with a strategy that's working and keep the crime rate ming down. Community policing also requires bonds of trust between citizens and police. I ask all Americans to respect and support our law enforcement officers. And to our police, I say, our children need you as role models and heroes. Don't let them down. The Brady bill has already stopped , people with criminal rerds from buying guns. The assault weapons ban is keeping kinds of assault weapons out of the hands of violent gangs. I challenge the Congress to keep those laws on the books. Our next step in the fight against crime is to take on gangs the way we once took on the mob. I'm directing the FBI and other investigative agencies to target gangs that involve juveniles in violent crime, and to seek authority to prosecute as adults teenagers who maim and kill like adults. And I challenge local housing authorities and tenant associations: Criminal gang members and drug dealers are destroying the lives of decent tenants. From now on, the rule for residents who mmit crime and peddle drugs should be one strike and you're out." I challenge every State to match Federal policy to assure that serious violent criminals serve at least percent of their sentence. More police and punishment are important, but they're not enough. We have got to keep more of our young people out of trouble, with prevention strategies not dictated by Washington but developed in mmunities. I challenge all of our mmunities, all of our adults, to give our children futures to say yes to. And I challenge Congress not to abandon the crime bill's support of these grassroots prevention efforts. Finally, to reduce crime and violence we have to reduce the drug problem. The challenge begins in our homes, with parents talking to their children openly and firmly. It embraces our churches and synagogues, our youth groups and our schools. I challenge Congress not to cut our support for drug-free schools. People like the D.A.R.E. officers are making a real impression on grade-school children that will give them the strength to say no when the time mes. Meanwhile, we ntinue our efforts to cut the flow of drugs into America. For the last years, one man in particular has been on the front lines of that effort. Tonight I am nominating him, a hero of the Persian Gulf war and the mmander in chief of the United States Military Southern Command, General Barry McCaffrey, as America's new drug czar. General McCaffrey has earned three Purple Hearts and two Silver Stars fighting for this untry. Tonight I ask that he lead our Nation's battle against drugs at home and abroad. To succeed, he needs a force far larger than he has ever mmanded before. He needs all of us. Every one of us has a role to play on this team. Thank you, General McCaffrey, for agreeing to serve your untry one more time. Our fifth challenge: to leave our environment safe and clean for the next generation. Because of a generation of bipartisan effort we do have cleaner water and air, lead levels in children's blood has been cut by percent, toxic emissions from factories cut in half. Lake Erie was dead, and now it's a thriving resource. But million children under still live within miles of a toxic waste dump. A third of us breathe air that endangers our health. And in too many mmunities the water is not safe to drink. We still have much to do. Yet Congress has voted to cut environmental enforcement by percent. That means more toxic chemicals in our water, more smog in our air, more pesticides in our food. Lobbyists for polluters have been allowed to write their own loopholes into bills to weaken laws that protect the health and safety of our children. Some say that the taxpayer should pick up the tab for toxic waste and let polluters who can afford to fix it off the hook. I challenge Congress to reexamine those policies and to reverse them. This issue has not been a partisan issue. The most significant environmental gains in the last years were made under a Democratic Congress and President Richard Nixon. We can work together. We have to believe some basic things. Do you believe we can expand the enomy without hurting the environment? I do. Do you believe we can create more jobs over the long run by cleaning the environment up? I know we can. That should be our mmitment. We must challenge businesses and mmunities to take more initiative in protecting the environment, and we have to make it easier for them to do it. To businesses this administration is saying, if you can find a cheaper, more efficient way than Government regulations require to meet tough pollution standards, do it, as long as you do it right. To mmunities we say, we must strengthen mmunity right-toknow laws requiring polluters to disclose their emissions, but you have to use the information to work with business to cut pollution. People do have a right to know that their air and their water are safe. Our sixth challenge is to maintain America's leadership in the fight for freedom and peace throughout the world. Because of American leadership, more people than ever before live free and at peace. And Americans have known years of prosperity and security. We owe thanks especially to our veterans of World War II. I would like to say to Senator Bob Dole and to all others in this Chamber who fought in World War II, and to all others on both sides of the aisle who have fought bravely in all our nflicts since: I salute your service, and so do the American people. All over the world, even after the ld war, people still look to us and trust us to help them seek the blessings of peace and freedom. But as the ld war fades into memory, voices of isolation say America should retreat from its responsibilities. I say they are wrong. The threats we face today as Americans respect no nation's borders. Think of them: terrorism, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, organized crime, drug trafficking, ethnic and religious hatred, aggression by rogue states, environmental degradation. If we fail to address these threats today, we will suffer the nsequences in all our tomorrows. Of urse, we can't be everywhere. Of urse, we can't do everything. But where our interests and our values are at stake, and where we can make a difference, America must lead. We must not be isolationist. We must not be the world's policeman. But we can and should be the world's very best peacemaker. By keeping our military strong, by using diplomacy where we can and force where we must, by working with others to share the risk and the st of our efforts, America is making a difference for people here and around the world. For the first time since the dawn of the nuclear age—for the first time since the dawn of the nuclear age—there is not a single Russian missile pointed at America's children. North Korea has now frozen its dangerous nuclear weapons program. In Haiti, the dictators are gone, democracy has a new day, the flow of desperate refugees to our shores has subsided. Through tougher trade deals for America, over of them, we have opened markets abroad, and now exports are at an all-time high, growing faster than imports and creating good American jobs. We stood with those taking risks for peace: in Northern Ireland, where Catholic and Protestant children now tell their parents violence must never return; in the Middle East, where Arabs and Jews who once seemed destined to fight forever now share knowledge and resources and even dreams. And we stood up for peace in Bosnia. Remember the skeletal prisoners, the mass graves, the campaign to rape and torture, the endless lines of refugees, the threat of a spreading war. All these threats, all these horrors have now begun to give way to the promise of peace. Now our troops and a strong NATO, together with our new partners from central Europe and elsewhere, are helping that peace to take hold. As all of you know, I was just there with a bipartisan ngressional group, and I was so proud not only of what our troops were doing but of the pride they evidenced in what they were doing. They knew what America's mission in this world is, and they were proud to be carrying it out. Through these efforts, we have enhanced the security of the American people, but make no mistake about it: Important challenges remain. The START II treaty with Russia will cut our nuclear stockpiles by another percent. I urge the Senate to ratify it now. We must end the race to create new nuclear weapons by signing a truly mprehensive nuclear test ban treaty this year. As we remember what happened in the Japanese subway, we can outlaw poison gas forever if the Senate ratifies the Chemical Weapons Convention this year. We can intensify the fight against terrorists and organized criminals at home and abroad if Congress passes the antiterrorism legislation I proposed after the Oklahoma City bombing, now. We can help more people move from hatred to hope all across the world in our own interest if Congress gives us the means to remain the world's leader for peace. My fellow Americans, the six challenges I have just discussed are for all of us. Our seventh challenge is really America's challenge to those of us in this hallowed Hall tonight: to reinvent our Government and make our democracy work for them. Last year this Congress applied to itself the laws it applies to everyone else. This Congress banned gifts and meals from lobbyists. This Congress forced lobbyists to disclose who pays them and what legislation they are trying to pass or kill. This Congress did that, and I applaud you for it. Now I challenge Congress to go further, to curb special interest influence in politics by passing the first truly bipartisan campaign finance reform bill in a generation. You, Republicans and Democrats alike, can show the American people that we can limit spending and we can open the airwaves to all candidates. I also appeal to Congress to pass the line item veto you promised the American people. Our administration is working hard to give the American people a Government that works better and sts less. Thanks to the work of Vice President Gore, we are eliminating , pages of unnecessary rules and regulations, shifting more decisionmaking out of Washington, back to States and local mmunities. As we move into the era of balanced budgets and smaller Government, we must work in new ways to enable people to make the most of their own lives. We are helping America's mmunities, not with more bureaucracy but with more opportunities. Through our successful empowerment zones and mmunity development banks, we're helping people to find jobs, to start businesses. And with tax incentives for mpanies that clean up abandoned industrial property, we can bring jobs back to places that desperately, desperately need them. But there are some areas that the Federal Government should not leave and should address and address strongly. One of these areas is the problem of illegal immigration. After years of neglect, this administration has taken a strong stand to stiffen the protection of our borders. We are increasing border ntrols by percent. We are increasing inspections to prevent the hiring of illegal immigrants. And tonight I announce I will sign an Executive order to deny Federal ntracts to businesses that hire illegal immigrants. Let me be very clear about this: We are still a nation of immigrants; we should be proud of it. We should honor every legal immigrant here, working hard to be a good citizen, working hard to beme a new citizen. But we are also a nation of laws. I want to say a special word now to those who work for our Federal Government. Today the Federal work force is , employees smaller than it was the day I took office as President. Our Federal Government today is the smallest it has been in years, and it's getting smaller every day. Most of our fellow Americans probably don't know that. And there's a good reason—a good reason: The remaining Federal work force is mposed of hard-working Americans who are now working harder and working smarter than ever before to make sure the quality of our services does not decline. I'd like to give you one example. His name is Richard Dean. He's a -year-old Vietnam veteran who's worked for the Social Security Administration for years now. Last year he was hard at work in the Federal Building in Oklahoma City when the blast killed people and brought the rubble down all around him. He reentered that building four times. He saved the lives of three women. He's here with us this evening, and I want to regnize Richard and applaud both his public service and his extraordinary personal heroism. But Richard Dean's story doesn't end there. This last November, he was forced out of his office when the Government shut down. And the send time the Government shut down he ntinued helping Social Security recipients, but he was working without pay. On behalf of Richard Dean and his family, and all the other people who are out there working every day doing a good job for the American people, I challenge all of you in this Chamber: Let's never, ever shut the Federal Government down again. On behalf of all Americans, especially those who need their Social Security payments at the beginning of March, I also challenge the Congress to preserve the full faith and credit of the United States, to honor the obligations of this great Nation as we have for years, to rise above partisanship and pass a straightforward extension of the debt limit and show people America keeps its word. I know that this evening I have asked a lot of Congress and even more from America. But I am nfident: When Americans work together in their homes, their schools, their churches, their synagogues, their civic groups, their workplace, they can meet any challenge. I say again, the era of big Government is over. But we can't go back to the era of fending for yourself. We have to go forward to the era of working together as a mmunity, as a team, as one America, with all of us reaching across these lines that divide us—the division, the discrimination, the ranr—we have to reach across it to find mmon ground. We have got to work together if we want America to work. I want you to meet two more people tonight who do just that. Lucius Wright is a teacher in the Jackson, Mississippi, public school system. A Vietnam veteran, he has created groups to help inner-city children turn away from gangs and build futures they can believe in. Sergeant Jennifer Rodgers is a police officer in Oklahoma City. Like Richard Dean, she helped to pull her fellow citizens out of the rubble and deal with that awful tragedy. She reminds us that in their response to that atrocity the people of Oklahoma City lifted all of us with their basic sense of decency and mmunity. Lucius Wright and Jennifer Rodgers are special Americans. And I have the honor to announce tonight that they are the very first of several thousand Americans who will be chosen to carry the Olympic torch on its long journey from Los Angeles to the centennial of the modern Olympics in Atlanta this summer, not because they are star athletes but because they are star citizens, mmunity heroes meeting America's challenges. They are our real champions. Please stand up. Applause] Now each of us must hold high the torch of citizenship in our own lives. None of us can finish the race alone. We can only achieve our destiny together, one hand, one generation, one American nnecting to another. There have always been things we uld do together, dreams we uld make real which we uld never have done on our own. We Americans have forged our identity, our very Union, from the very point of view that we can acmmodate every point on the planet, every different opinion. But we must be bound together by a faith more powerful than any doctrine that divides us, by our belief in progress, our love of liberty, and our relentless search for mmon ground. America has always sought and always risen to every challenge. Who would say that having me so far together, we will not go forward from here? Who would say that this age of possibility is not for all Americans? Our untry is and always has been a great and good nation. But the best is yet to me if we all do our parts. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. Thank you. If we agree on nothing else tonight, we must agree that the American people certainly voted for change in and in . And as I look out at you, I know how some of you must have felt in . Laughter] I must say that in both years we didn't hear America singing, we heard America shouting. And now all of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, must say, We hear you. We will work together to earn the jobs you have given us." For we are the keepers of a sacred trust, and we must be faithful to it in this new and very demanding era. Over years ago, our Founders changed the entire urse of human history by joining together to create a new untry based on a single powerful idea: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, and among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." It has fallen to every generation since then to preserve that idea, the American idea, and to deepen and expand its meaning in new and different times: to Linln and to his Congress to preserve the Union and to end slavery; to Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson to restrain the abuses and excesses of the industrial revolution and to assert our leadership in the world; to Franklin Roosevelt to fight the failure and pain of the Great Depression and to win our untry's great struggle against fascism; and to all our Presidents since to fight the ld war. Especially, I recall two who struggled to fight that ld war in partnership with Congresses where the majority was of a different party: to Harry Truman, who summoned us to unparalleled prosperity at home and who built the architecture of the ld war; and to Ronald Reagan, whom we wish well tonight and who exhorted us to carry on until the twilight struggle against mmunism was won. In another time of change and challenge, I had the honor to be the first President to be elected in the post-ld-war era, an era marked by the global enomy, the information revolution, unparalleled change and opportunity and insecurity for the American people. I came to this hallowed Chamber years ago on a mission, to restore the American dream for all our people and to make sure that we move into the st century still the strongest force for freedom and democracy in the entire world. I was determined then to tackle the tough problems too long ignored. In this effort I am frank to say that I have made my mistakes, and I have learned again the importance of humility in all human endeavor. But I am also proud to say tonight that our untry is stronger than it was years ago. Applause] Thank you. Rerd numbers of Americans are succeeding in the new global enomy. We are at peace, and we are a force for peace and freedom throughout the world. We have almost million new jobs since I became President, and we have the lowest mbined rate of unemployment and inflation in years. Our businesses are more productive. And here we have worked to bring the deficit down, to expand trade, to put more police on our streets, to give our citizens more of the tools they need to get an education and to rebuild their own mmunities. But the rising tide is not lifting all boats. While our Nation is enjoying peace and prosperity, too many of our people are still working harder and harder, for less and less. While our businesses are restructuring and growing more productive and mpetitive, too many of our people still can't be sure of having a job next year or even next month. And far more than our material riches are threatened, things far more precious to us, our children, our families, our values. Our civil life is suffering in America today. Citizens are working together less and shouting at each other more. The mmon bonds of mmunity which have been the great strength of our untry from its very beginning are badly frayed. What are we to do about it? More than years ago, at the dawn of another new era, President Roosevelt told our Nation, New nditions impose new requirements on Government and those who nduct Government." And from that simple proposition, he shaped the New Deal, which helped to restore our Nation to prosperity and define the relationship between our people and their Government for half a century. That approach worked in its time. But we today, we face a very different time and very different nditions. We are moving from an industrial age built on gears and sweat to an information age demanding skills and learning and flexibility. Our Government, once a champion of national purpose, is now seen by many as simply a captive of narrow interests, putting more burdens on our citizens rather than equipping them to get ahead. The values that used to hold us all together seem to be ming apart. So tonight we must forge a new social mpact to meet the challenges of this time. As we enter a new era, we need a new set of understandings, not just with Government but, even more important, with one another as Americans. That's what I want to talk with you about tonight. I call it the New Covenant. But it's grounded in a very, very old idea, that all Americans have not just a right but a solemn responsibility to rise as far as their God-given talents and determination can take them and to give something back to their mmunities and their untry in return. Opportunity and responsibility: They go hand in hand. We can't have one without the other. And our national mmunity can't hold together without both. Our New Covenant is a new set of understandings for how we can equip our people to meet the challenges of a new enomy, how we can change the way our Government works to fit a different time, and, above all, how we can repair the damaged bonds in our society and me together behind our mmon purpose. We must have dramatic change in our enomy, our Government, and ourselves. My fellow Americans, without regard to party, let us rise to the occasion. Let us put aside partisanship and pettiness and pride. As we embark on this new urse, let us put our untry first, remembering that regardless of party label, we are all Americans. And let the final test of everything we do be a simple one: Is it good for the American people? Let me begin by saying that we cannot ask Americans to be better citizens if we are not better servants. You made a good start by passing that law which applies to Congress all the laws you put on the private sector, and I was proud to sign it yesterday. But we have a lot more to do before people really trust the way things work around here. Three times as many lobbyists are in the streets and rridors of Washington as were here years ago. The American people look at their Capital, and they see a city where the well-nnected and the well-protected can work the system, but the interests of ordinary citizens are often left out. As the new Congress opened its doors, lobbyists were still doing business as usual; the gifts, the trips, all the things that people are ncerned about haven't stopped. Twice this month you missed opportunities to stop these practices. I know there were other nsiderations in those votes, but I want to use something that I've heard my Republican friends say from time to time, There doesn't have to be a law for everything." So tonight I ask you to just stop taking the lobbyists' perks. Just stop. We don't have to wait for legislation to pass to send a strong signal to the American people that things are really changing. But I also hope you will send me the strongest possible lobby reform bill, and I'll sign that, too. We should require lobbyists to tell the people for whom they work what they're spending, what they want. We should also curb the role of big money in elections by capping the st of campaigns and limiting the influence of PAC's. And as I have said for years, we should work to open the airwaves so that they can be an instrument of democracy, not a weapon of destruction, by giving free TV time to candidates for public office. When the last Congress killed political reform last year, it was reported in the press that the lobbyists actually stood in the Halls of this sacred building and cheered. This year, let's give the folks at home something to cheer about. More important, I think we all agree that we have to change the way the Government works. Let's make it smaller, less stly, and smarter; leaner, not meaner. Applause] I just told the Speaker the equal time doctrine is alive and well. Laughter] The New Covenant approach to governing is as different from the old bureaucratic way as the mputer is from the manual typewriter. The old way of governing around here protected organized interests. We should look out for the interests of ordinary people. The old way divided us by interest, nstituency, or class. The New Covenant way should unite us behind a mmon vision of what's best for our untry. The old way dispensed services through large, top-down, inflexible bureaucracies. The New Covenant way should shift these resources and decisionmaking from bureaucrats to citizens, injecting choice and mpetition and individual responsibility into national policy. The old way of governing around here actually seemed to reward failure. The New Covenant way should have built-in incentives to reward success. The old way was centralized here in Washington. The New Covenant way must take hold in the mmunities all across America. And we should help them to do that. Our job here is to expand opportunity, not bureaucracy, to empower people to make the most of their own lives, and to enhance our security here at home and abroad. We must not ask Government to do what we should do for ourselves. We should rely on Government as a partner to help us to do more for ourselves and for each other. I hope very much that as we debate these specific and exciting matters, we can go beyond the sterile discussion between the illusion that there is somehow a program for every problem, on the one hand, and the other illusion that the Government is a source of every problem we have. Our job is to get rid of yesterday's Government so that our own people can meet today's and tomorrow's needs. And we ought to do it together. You know, for years before I became President, I heard others say they would cut Government and how bad it was, but not much happened. We actually did it. We cut over a quarter of a trillion dollars in spending, more than domestic programs, more than , positions from the Federal bureaucracy in the last years alone. Based on decisions already made, we will have cut a total of more than a quarter of a million positions from the Federal Government, making it the smallest it has been since John Kennedy was President, by the time I me here again next year. Under the leadership of Vice President Gore, our initiatives have already saved taxpayers billion. The age of the hammer and the ashtray you can break on David Letterman" is gone. Deadwood programs, like mohair subsidies, are gone. We've streamlined the Agriculture Department by reducing it by more than , offices. We've slashed the small business loan form from an inch thick to a single page. We've thrown away the Government's ,page personnel manual. And the Government is working better in important ways: FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, has gone from being a disaster to helping people in disasters. You can ask the farmers in the Middle West who fought the flood there or the people in California who have dealt with floods and earthquakes and fires, and they'll tell you that. Government workers, working hand in hand with private business, rebuilt southern California's fractured freeways in rerd time and under budget. And because the Federal Government moved fast, all but one of the , schools damaged in the earthquake are back in business. Now, there are a lot of other things that I uld talk about. I want to just mention one because it will be discussed here in the next few weeks. University administrators all over the untry have told me that they are saving weeks and weeks of bureaucratic time now because of our direct llege loan program, which makes llege loans cheaper and more affordable with better repayment terms for students, sts the Government less, and cuts out paperwork and bureaucracy for the Government and for the universities. We shouldn't cap that program. We should give every llege in America the opportunity to be a part of it. Previous Government programs gathered dust. The reinventing Government report is getting results. And we're not through. There's going to be a send round of reinventing Government. We propose to cut billion in spending by shrinking departments, extending our freeze on domestic spending, cutting public housing programs down to , getting rid of over programs we do not need, like the Interstate Commerce Commission and the Helium Reserve Program. And we're working on getting rid of unnecessary regulations and making them more sensible. The programs and regulations that have outlived their usefulness should go. We have to cut yesterday's Government to help solve tomorrow's problems. And we need to get Government closer to the people it's meant to serve. We need to help move programs down to the point where States and mmunities and private citizens in the private sector can do a better job. If they can do it, we ought to let them do it. We should get out of the way and let them do what they can do better. Taking power away from Federal bureaucracies and giving it back to mmunities and individuals is something everyone should be able to be for. It's time for Congress to stop passing on to the States the st of decisions we make here in Washington. I know there are still serious differences over the details of the unfunded mandates legislation, but I want to work with you to make sure we pass a reasonable bill which will protect the national interests and give justified relief where we need to give it. For years, Congress ncealed in the budget sres of pet spending projects. Last year was no difference. There was a million to study stress in plants and million for a tick removal program that didn't work. It's hard to remove ticks. Those of us who have had them know. Laughter] But I'll tell you something, if you'll give me line-item veto, I'll remove some of that unnecessary spending. But I think we should all remember, and almost all of us would agree, that Government still has important responsibilities. Our young people—we should think of this when we cut— our young people hold our future in their hands. We still owe a debt to our veterans. And our senior citizens have made us what we are. Now, my budget cuts a lot. But it protects education, veterans, Social Security, and Medicare, and I hope you will do the same thing. You should, and I hope you will. And when we give more flexibility to the States, let us remember that there are certain fundamental national needs that should be addressed in every State, North and South, East and West: Immunization against childhood disease, school lunches in all our schools, Head Start, medical care and nutrition for pregnant women and infants, all these things, all these things are in the national interest. I applaud your desire to get rid of stly and unnecessary regulations. But when we deregulate, let's remember what national action in the national interest has given us: safer food for our families, safer toys for our children, safer nursing homes for our parents, safer cars and highways, and safer workplaces, cleaner air, and cleaner water. Do we need mmon sense and fairness in our regulations? You bet we do. But we can have mmon sense and still provide for safe drinking water. We can have fairness and still clean up toxic dumps, and we ought to do it. Should we cut the deficit more? Well, of urse we should. Of urse we should. But we can bring it down in a way that still protects our enomic revery and does not unduly punish people who should not be punished but instead should be helped. I know many of you in this Chamber support the balanced budget amendment. I certainly want to balance the budget. Our administration has done more to bring the budget down and to save money than any in a very, very long time. If you believe passing this amendment is the right thing to do, then you have to be straight with the American people. They have a right to know what you're going to cut, what taxes you're going to raise, and how it's going to affect them. We should be doing things in the open around here. For example, everybody ought to know if this proposal is going to endanger Social Security. I would oppose that, and I think most Americans would. Nothing has done more to undermine our sense of mmon responsibility than our failed welfare system. This is one of the problems we have to face here in Washington in our New Covenant. It rewards welfare over work. It undermines family values. It lets millions of parents get away without paying their child support. It keeps a minority but a significant minority of the people on welfare trapped on it for a very long time. I've worked on this problem for a long time, nearly years now. As a Governor, I had the honor of working with the Reagan administration to write the last welfare reform bill back in . In the last years, we made a good start at ntinuing the work of welfare reform. Our administration gave two dozen States the right to slash through Federal rules and regulations to reform their own welfare systems and to try to promote work and responsibility over welfare and dependency. Last year I introduced the most sweeping welfare reform plan ever presented by an administration. We have to make welfare what it was meant to be, a send chance, not a way of life. We have to help those on welfare move to work as quickly as possible, to provide child care and teach them skills, if that's what they need, for up to years. And after that, there ought to be a simple, hard rule: Anyone who can work must go to work. If a parent isn't paying child support, they should be forced to pay. We should suspend drivers' license, track them across State lines, make them work off what they owe. That is what we should do. Governments do not raise children, people do. And the parents must take responsibility for the children they bring into this world. I want to work with you, with all of you, to pass welfare reform. But our goal must be to liberate people and lift them up from dependence to independence, from welfare to work, from mere childbearing to responsible parenting. Our goal should not be to punish them because they happen to be poor. We should, we should require work and mutual responsibility. But we shouldn't cut people off just because they're poor, they're young, or even because they're unmarried. We should promote responsibility by requiring young mothers to live at home with their parents or in other supervised settings, by requiring them to finish school. But we shouldn't put them and their children out on the street. And I know all the arguments, pro and n, and I have read and thought about this for a long time. I still don't think we can in good nscience punish poor children for the mistakes of their parents. My fellow Americans, every single survey shows that all the American people care about this without regard to party or race or region. So let this be the year we end welfare as we know it. But also let this be the year that we are all able to stop using this issue to divide America. No one is more eager to end welfare— applause]—I may be the only President who has actually had the opportunity to sit in a welfare office, who's actually spent hours and hours talking to people on welfare. And I am telling you, the people who are trapped on it know it doesn't work; they also want to get off. So we can promote, together, education and work and good parenting. I have no problem with punishing bad behavior or the refusal to be a worker or a student or a responsible parent. I just don't want to punish poverty and past mistakes. All of us have made our mistakes, and none of us can change our yesterdays. But every one of us can change our tomorrows. And America's best example of that may be Lynn Woolsey, who worked her way off welfare to beme a Congresswoman from the State of California. I know the Members of this Congress are ncerned about crime, as are all the citizens of our untry. And I remind you that last year we passed a very tough crime bill: longer sentences, three strikes and you're out," almost new capital punishment offenses, more prisons, more prevention, , more police. And we paid for it all by reducing the size of the Federal bureaucracy and giving the money back to local mmunities to lower the crime rate. There may be other things we can do to be tougher on crime, to be smarter with crime, to help to lower that rate first. Well, if there are, let's talk about them, and let's do them. But let's not go back on the things that we did last year that we know work, that we know work because the local law enforcement officers tell us that we did the right thing, because local mmunity leaders who have worked for years and years to lower the crime rate tell us that they work. Let's look at the experience of our cities and our rural areas where the crime rate has gone down and ask the people who did it how they did it. And if what we did last year supports the decline in the crime rate— and I am nvinced that it does—let us not go back on it. Let's stick with it, implement it. We've got more hard years of work to do to do that. I don't want to destroy the good atmosphere in the room or in the untry tonight, but I have to mention one issue that divided this body greatly last year. The last Congress also passed the Brady bill and, in the crime bill, the ban on assault weapons. I don't think it's a secret to anybody in this room that several Members of the last Congress who voted for that aren't here tonight because they voted for it. And I know, therefore, that some of you who are here because they voted for it are under enormous pressure to repeal it. I just have to tell you how I feel about it. The Members of Congress who voted for that bill and I would never do anything to infringe on the right to keep and bear arms to hunt and to engage in other appropriate sporting activities. I've done it since I was a boy, and I'm going to keep right on doing it until I can't do it anymore. But a lot of people laid down their seats in Congress so that police officers and kids wouldn't have to lay down their lives under a hail of assault weapon attack, and I will not let that be repealed. I will not let it be repealed. I'd like to talk about a uple of other issues we have to deal with. I want us to cut more spending, but I hope we won't cut Government programs that help to prepare us for the new enomy, promote responsibility, and are organized from the grassroots up, not by Federal bureaucracy. The very best example of this is the national service rps, AmeriCorps. It passed with strong bipartisan support. And now there are , Americans, more than ever served in one year in the Peace Corps, working all over this untry, helping people person-to-person in local grassroots volunteer groups, solving problems, and in the process earning some money for their education. This is citizenship at its best. It's good for the AmeriCorps members, but it's good for the rest of us, too. It's the essence of the New Covenant, and we shouldn't stop it. All Americans, not only in the States most heavily affected but in every place in this untry, are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our untry. The jobs they hold might otherwise be held by citizens or legal immigrants. The public service they use impose burdens on our taxpayers. That's why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a rerd number of new border guards, by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before, by cracking down on illegal hiring, by barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens. In the budget I will present to you, we will try to do more to speed the deportation of illegal aliens who are arrested for crimes, to better identify illegal aliens in the workplace as remmended by the mmission headed by former Congresswoman Barbara Jordan. We are a nation of immigrants. But we are also a nation of laws. It is wrong and ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years, and we must do more to stop it. The most important job of our Government in this new era is to empower the American people to succeed in the global enomy. America has always been a land of opportunity, a land where, if you work hard, you can get ahead. We've beme a great middle class untry. Middle class values sustain us. We must expand that middle class and shrink the under class, even as we do everything we can to support the millions of Americans who are already successful in the new enomy. America is once again the world's strongest enomic power: almost million new jobs in the last years, exports booming, inflation down. High-wage jobs are ming back. A rerd number of American entrepreneurs are living the American dream. If we want it to stay that way, those who work and lift our Nation must have more of its benefits. Today, too many of those people are being left out. They're working harder for less. They have less security, less inme, less certainty that they can even afford a vacation, much less llege for their kids or retirement for themselves. We cannot let this ntinue. If we don't act, our enomy will probably keep doing what it's been doing since about , when the inme growth began to go to those at the very top of our enomic scale and the people in the vast middle got very little growth, and people who worked like crazy but were on the bottom then fell even further and further behind in the years afterward, no matter how hard they worked. We've got to have a Government that can be a real partner in making this new enomy work for all of our people, a Government that helps each and every one of us to get an education and to have the opportunity to renew our skills. That's why we worked so hard to increase educational opportunities in the last years, from Head Start to public schools, to apprenticeships for young people who don't go to llege, to making llege loans more available and more affordable. That's the first thing we have to do. We've got to do something to empower people to improve their skills. The send thing we ought to do is to help people raise their inmes immediately by lowering their taxes. We took the first step in with a working family tax cut for million families with inmes under ,, a tax cut that this year will average about , a family. And we also gave tax reductions to most small and new businesses. Before we uld do more than that, we first had to bring down the deficit we inherited, and we had to get enomic growth up. Now we've done both. And now we can cut taxes in a more mprehensive way. But tax cuts should reinforce and promote our first obligation: to empower our citizens through education and training to make the most of their own lives. The spotlight should shine on those who make the right choices for themselves, their families, and their mmunities. I have proposed the middle class bill of rights, which should properly be called the bill of rights and responsibilities because its provisions only benefit those who are working to educate and raise their children and to educate themselves. It will, therefore, give needed tax relief and raise inmes in both the short run and the long run in a way that benefits all of us. There are four provisions. First, a tax deduction for all education and training after high school. If you think about it, we permit businesses to deduct their investment, we permit individuals to deduct interest on their home mortgages, but today an education is even more important to the enomic well-being of our whole untry than even those things are. We should do everything we can to enurage it. And I hope you will support it. Send, we ought to cut taxes for families with children under . Third, we ought to foster more savings and personal responsibility by permitting people to establish an individual retirement acunt and withdraw from it, tax-free, for the st of education, health care, first-time homebuying, or the care of a parent. And fourth, we should pass a GI bill" for America's workers. We propose to llapse nearly Federal programs and not give the money to the States but give the money directly to the American people, offer vouchers to them so that they, if they're laid off or if they're working for a very low wage, can get a voucher worth , a year for up to years to go to their local mmunity lleges or wherever else they want to get the skills they need to improve their lives. Let's empower people in this way, move it from the Government directly to the workers of America. Now, any one of us can call for a tax cut, but I won't accept one that explodes the deficit or puts our revery at risk. We ought to pay for our tax cuts fully and honestly. Just years ago, it was an open question whether we would find the strength to cut the deficit. Thanks to the urage of the people who were here then, many of whom didn't return, we did cut the deficit. We began to do what others said would not be done. We cut the deficit by over billion, about , for every family in this untry. It's ming down years in a row for the first time since Mr. Truman was President, and I don't think anybody in America wants us to let it explode again. In the budget I will send you, the middle class bill of rights is fully paid for by budget cuts in bureaucracy, cuts in programs, cuts in special interest subsidies. And the spending cuts will more than double the tax cuts. My budget pays for the middle class bill of rights without any cuts in Medicare. And I will oppose any attempts to pay for tax cuts with Medicare cuts. That's not the right thing to do. I know that a lot of you have your own ideas about tax relief, and some of them I find quite interesting. I really want to work with all of you. My test for our proposals will be: Will it create jobs and raise inmes; will it strengthen our families and support our children; is it paid for; will it build the middle class and shrink the under class? If it does, I'll support it. But if it doesn't, I won't. The goal of building the middle class and shrinking the under class is also why I believe that you should raise the minimum wage. It rewards work. Two and a half million Americans, two and a half million Americans, often women with children, are working out there today for . an hour. In terms of real buying power, by next year that minimum wage will be at a -year low. That's not my idea of how the new enomy ought to work. Now, I've studied the arguments and the evidence for and against a minimum wage increase. I believe the weight of the evidence is that a modest increase does not st jobs and may even lure people back into the job market. But the most important thing is, you can't make a living on . an hour, especially if you have children, even with the working families tax cut we passed last year. In the past, the minimum wage has been a bipartisan issue, and I think it should be again. So I want to challenge you to have honest hearings on this, to get together, to find a way to make the minimum wage a living wage. Members of Congress have been here less than a month, but by the end of the week, days into the new year, every Member of Congress will have earned as much in ngressional salary as a minimum wage worker makes all year long. Everybody else here, including the President, has something else that too many Americans do without, and that's health care. Now, last year we almost came to blows over health care, but we didn't do anything. And the ld, hard fact is that, since last year, since I was here, another . million Americans in working families have lost their health care. And the ld, hard fact is that many millions more, most of them farmers and small business people and self-employed people, have seen their premiums skyrocket, their pays and deductibles go up. There's a whole bunch of people in this untry that in the statistics have health insurance but really what they've got is a piece of paper that says they won't lose their home if they get sick. Now, I still believe our untry has got to move toward providing health security for every American family. But I know that last year, as the evidence indicates, we bit off more than we uld chew. So I'm asking you that we work together. Let's do it step by step. Let's do whatever we have to do to get something done. Let's at least pass meaningful insurance reform so that no American risks losing verage for facing skyrocketing prices, that nobody loses their verage because they face high prices or unavailable insurance when they change jobs or lose a job or a family member gets sick. I want to work together with all of you who have an interest in this, with the Democrats who worked on it last time, with the Republican leaders like Senator Dole, who has a longtime mmitment to health care reform and made some nstructive proposals in this area last year. We ought to make sure that self-employed people in small businesses can buy insurance at more affordable rates through voluntary purchasing pools. We ought to help families provide long-term care for a sick parent or a disabled child. We can work to help workers who lose their jobs at least keep their health insurance verage for a year while they look for work. And we can find a way—it may take some time, but we can find a way—to make sure that our children have health care. You know, I think everybody in this room, without regard to party, can be proud of the fact that our untry was rated as having the world's most productive enomy for the first time in nearly a decade. But we can't be proud of the fact that we're the only wealthy untry in the world that has a smaller percentage of the work force and their children with health insurance today than we did years ago, the last time we were the most productive enomy in the world. So let's work together on this. It is too important for politics as usual. Much of what the American people are thinking about tonight is what we've already talked about. A lot of people think that the security ncerns of America today are entirely internal to our borders. They relate to the security of our jobs and our homes and our inmes and our children, our streets, our health, and protecting those borders. Now that the ld war has passed, it's tempting to believe that all the security issues, with the possible exception of trade, reside here at home. But it's not so. Our security still depends upon our ntinued world leadership for peace and freedom and democracy. We still can't be strong at home unless we're strong abroad. The financial crisis in Mexi is a case in point. I know it's not popular to say it tonight, but we have to act, not for the Mexican people but for the sake of the millions of Americans whose livelihoods are tied to Mexi's wellbeing. If we want to secure American jobs, preserve American exports, safeguard America's borders, then we must pass the stabilization program and help to put Mexi back on track. Now let me repeat: It's not a loan. It's not foreign aid. It's not a bailout. We will be given a guarantee like signing a note, with good llateral that will ver our risks. This legislation is the right thing for America. That's why the bipartisan leadership has supported it. And I hope you in Congress will pass it quickly. It is in our interest, and we can explain it to the American people because we're going to do it in the right way. You know, tonight, this is the first State of the Union Address ever delivered since the beginning of the ld war when not a single Russian missile is pointed at the children of America. And along with the Russians, we're on our way to destroying the missiles and the bombers that carry , nuclear warheads. We've me so far so fast in this post-ld-war world that it's easy to take the decline of the nuclear threat for granted. But it's still there, and we aren't finished yet. This year I'll ask the Senate to approve START II to eliminate weapons that carry , more warheads. The United States will lead the charge to extend indefinitely the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, to enact a mprehensive nuclear test ban, and to eliminate chemical weapons. To stop and roll back North Korea's potentially deadly nuclear program, we'll ntinue to implement the agreement we have reached with that nation. It's smart. It's tough. It's a deal based on ntinuing inspection with safeguards for our allies and ourselves. This year I'll submit to Congress mprehensive legislation to strengthen our hand in mbating terrorists, whether they strike at home or abroad. As the wards who bombed the World Trade Center found out, this untry will hunt down terrorists and bring them to justice. Just this week, another horrendous terrorist act in Israel killed and injured sres more. On behalf of the American people and all of you, I send our deepest sympathy to the families of the victims. I know that in the face of such evil, it is hard for the people in the Middle East to go forward. But the terrorists represent the past, not the future. We must and we will pursue a mprehensive peace between Israel and all her neighbors in the Middle East. Acrdingly, last night I signed an Executive order that will block the assets in the United States of terrorist organizations that threaten to disrupt the peace process. It prohibits financial transactions with these groups. And tonight I call on all our allies and peace-loving nations throughout the world to join us with renewed fervor in a global effort to mbat terrorism. We cannot permit the future to be marred by terror and fear and paralysis. From the day I took the oath of office, I pledged that our Nation would maintain the best equipped, best trained, and best prepared military on Earth. We have, and they are. They have managed the dramatic downsizing of our forces after the ld war with remarkable skill and spirit. But to make sure our military is ready for action and to provide the pay and the quality of life the military and their families deserve, I'm asking the Congress to add billion in defense spending over the next years. I have visited many bases at home and around the world since I became President. Tonight I repeat that request with renewed nviction. We ask a very great deal of our Armed Forces. Now that they are smaller in number, we ask more of them. They go out more often to more different places and stay longer. They are called to service in many, many ways. And we must give them and their families what the times demand and what they have earned. Just think about what our troops have done in the last year, showing America at its best, helping to save hundreds of thousands of people in Rwanda, moving with lightning speed to head off another threat to Kuwait, giving freedom and democracy back to the people of Haiti. We have proudly supported peace and prosperity and freedom from South Africa to Northern Ireland, from Central and Eastern Europe to Asia, from Latin America to the Middle East. All these endeavors are good in those places, but they make our future more nfident and more secure. Well, my fellow Americans, that's my agenda for America's future: expanding opportunity, not bureaucracy; enhancing security at home and abroad; empowering our people to make the most of their own lives. It's ambitious and achievable, but it's not enough. We even need more than new ideas for changing the world or equipping Americans to mpete in the new enomy, more than a Government that's smaller, smarter, and wiser, more than all of the changes we can make in Government and in the private sector from the outside in. Our fortunes and our posterity also depend upon our ability to answer some questions from within, from the values and voices that speak to our hearts as well as our heads; voices that tell us we have to do more to accept responsibility for ourselves and our families, for our mmunities, and yes, for our fellow citizens. We see our families and our mmunities all over this untry ming apart, and we feel the mmon ground shifting from under us. The PTA, the town hall meeting, the ball park, it's hard for a lot of overworked parents to find the time and space for those things that strengthen the bonds of trust and operation. Too many of our children don't even have parents and grandparents who can give them those experiences that they need to build their own character and their sense of identity. We all know that while we here in this Chamber can make a difference on those things, that the real differences will be made by our fellow citizens, where they work and where they live and that it will be made almost without regard to party. When I used to go to the softball park in Little Rock to watch my daughter's league and people would me up to me, fathers and mothers, and talk to me, I can honestly say I had no idea whether percent of them were Republicans or Democrats. When I visited the relief centers after the floods in California, northern California, last week, a woman came up to me and did something that very few of you would do. She hugged me and said, Mr. President, I'm a Republican, but I'm glad you're here." Laughter] Now, why? We can't wait for disasters to act the way we used to act every day, because as we move into this next century, everybody matters. We don't have a person to waste. And a lot of people are losing a lot of chances to do better. That means that we need a New Covenant for everybody. For our rporate and business leaders, we're going to work here to keep bringing the deficit down, to expand markets, to support their success in every possible way. But they have an obligation when they're doing well to keep jobs in our mmunities and give their workers a fair share of the prosperity they generate. For people in the entertainment industry in this untry, we applaud your creativity and your worldwide success, and we support your freedom of expression. But you do have a responsibility to assess the impact of your work and to understand the damage that mes from the incessant, repetitive, mindless violence and irresponsible nduct that permeates our media all the time. We've got to ask our mmunity leaders and all kinds of organizations to help us stop our most serious social problem, the epidemic of teen pregnancies and births where there is no marriage. I have sent to Congress a plan to target schools all over this untry with antipregnancy programs that work. But Government can only do so much. Tonight I call on parents and leaders all across this untry to join together in a national campaign against teen pregnancy to make a difference. We can do this, and we must. And I would like to say a special word to our religious leaders. You know, I'm proud of the fact the United States has more houses of worship per capita than any untry in the world. These people who lead our houses of worship can ignite their ngregations to carry their faith into action, can reach out to all of our children, to all of the people in distress, to those who have been savaged by the breakdown of all we hold dear. Because so much of what must be done must me from the inside out and our religious leaders and their ngregations can make all the difference, they have a role in the New Covenant as well. There must be more responsibility for all of our citizens. You know, it takes a lot of people to help all the kids in trouble stay off the streets and in school. It takes a lot of people to build the Habitat for Humanity houses that the Speaker celebrates on his lapel pin. It takes a lot of people to provide the people power for all of the civic organizations in this untry that made our mmunities mean so much to most of us when we were kids. It takes every parent to teach the children the difference between right and wrong and to enurage them to learn and grow and to say no to the wrong things but also to believe that they can be whatever they want to be. I know it's hard when you're working harder for less, when you're under great stress, to do these things. A lot of our people don't have the time or the emotional stress, they think, to do the work of citizenship. Most of us in politics haven't helped very much. For years, we've mostly treated citizens like they were nsumers or spectators, sort of political uch potatoes who were supposed to watch the TV ads either promise them something for nothing or play on their fears and frustrations. And more and more of our citizens now get most of their information in very negative and aggressive ways that are hardly nducive to honest and open nversations. But the truth is, we have got to stop seeing each other as enemies just because we have different views. If you go back to the beginning of this untry, the great strength of America, as de Tocqueville pointed out when he came here a long time ago, has always been our ability to associate with people who were different from ourselves and to work together to find mmon ground. And in this day, everybody has a responsibility to do more of that. We simply cannot want for a tornado, a fire, or a flood to behave like Americans ought to behave in dealing with one another. I want to finish up here by pointing out some folks that are up with the First Lady that represent what I'm trying to talk about—citizens. I have no idea what their party affiliation is or who they voted for in the last election. But they represent what we ought to be doing. Cindy Perry teaches send graders to read in AmeriCorps in rural Kentucky. She gains when she gives. She's a mother of four. She says that her service inspired her to get her high school equivalency last year. She was married when she was a teenager—stand up, Cindy. She was married when she was a teenager. She had four children. But she had time to serve other people, to get her high school equivalency, and she's going to use her AmeriCorps money to go back to llege. Chief Stephen Bishop is the police chief of Kansas City. He's been a national leader—stand up, Steve. He's been a national leader in using more police in mmunity policing, and he's worked with AmeriCorps to do it. And the crime rate in Kansas City has gone down as a result of what he did. Corporal Gregory Depestre went to Haiti as part of his adopted untry's force to help secure democracy in his native land. And I might add, we must be the only untry in the world that uld have gone to Haiti and taken Haitian-Americans there who uld speak the language and talk to the people. And he was one of them, and we're proud of him. The next two folks I've had the honor of meeting and getting to know a little bit, the Reverend John and the Reverend Diana Cherry of the A.M.E. Zion Church in Temple Hills, Maryland. I'd like to ask them to stand. I want to tell you about them. In the early eighties, they left Government service and formed a church in a small living room in a small house, in the early eighties. Today that church has , members. It is one of the three or four biggest churches in the entire United States. It grows by a month. They do it together. And the special focus of their ministry is keeping families together. Two things they did make a big impression on me. I visited their church once, and I learned they were building a new sanctuary closer to the Washington, DC, line in a higher crime, higher drug rate area because they thought it was part of their ministry to change the lives of the people who needed them. The send thing I want to say is that once Reverend Cherry was at a meeting at the White House with some other religious leaders, and he left early to go back to this church to minister to uples that he had brought back to his church from all over America to nvince them to me back together, to save their marriages, and to raise their kids. This is the kind of work that citizens are doing in America. We need more of it, and it ought to be lifted up and supported. The last person I want to introduce is Jack Lucas from Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Jack, would you stand up? Fifty years ago, in the sands of Iwo Jima, Jack Lucas taught and learned the lessons of citizenship. On February th, , he and three of his buddies enuntered the enemy and two grenades at their feet. Jack Lucas threw himself on both of them. In that moment, he saved the lives of his mpanions, and miraculously in the next instant, a medic saved his life. He gained a foothold for freedom, and at the age of , just a year older than his grandson who is up there with him today— and his son, who is a West Point graduate and a veteran—at , Jack Lucas became the youngest Marine in history and the youngest soldier in this century to win the Congressional Medal of Honor. All these years later, yesterday, here's what he said about that day: It didn't matter where you were from or who you were, you relied on one another. You did it for your untry." We all gain when we give, and we reap what we sow. That's at the heart of this New Covenant. Responsibility, opportunity, and citizenship, more than stale chapters in some remote civic book, they're still the virtue by which we can fulfill ourselves and reach our God-given potential and be like them and also to fulfill the eternal promise of this untry, the enduring dream from that first and most sacred venant. I believe every person in this untry still believes that we are created equal and given by our Creator the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. This is a very, very great untry. And our best days are still to me. Thank you, and God bless you all. I'm not at all sure what speech is in the TelePrompter tonight—[laughter]—but I hope we can talk about the state of the Union. I ask you to begin by recalling the memory of the giant who presided over this Chamber with such force and grace. Tip O'Neill liked to call himself a man of the House." And he surely was that. But even more, he was a man of the people, a bricklayer's son who helped to build the great American middle class. Tip O'Neill never forgot who he was, where he came from, or who sent him here. Tonight he's smiling down on us for the first time from the Lord's gallery. But in his honor, may we, too, always remember who we are, where we me from, and who sent us here. If we do that we will return over and over again to the principle that if we simply give ordinary people equal opportunity, quality education, and a fair shot at the American dream, they will do extraordinary things. We gather tonight in a world of changes so profound and rapid that all nations are tested. Our American heritage has always been to master such change, to use it to expand opportunity at home and our leadership abroad. But for too long and in too many ways, that heritage was abandoned, and our untry drifted. For years, family life in America has been breaking down. For years, the wages of working people have been stagnant or declining. For the years of trickle-down enomics, we built a false prosperity on a hollow base as our national debt quadrupled. From to , we experienced the slowest growth in a half century. For too many families, even when both parents were working, the American dream has been slipping away. In , the American people demanded that we change. A year ago I asked all of you to join me in accepting responsibility for the future of our untry. Well, we did. We replaced drift and deadlock with renewal and reform. And I want to thank every one of you here who heard the American people, who broke gridlock, who gave them the most successful teamwork between a President and a Congress in years. This Congress produced a budget that cut the deficit by half a trillion dollars, cut spending, and raised inme taxes on only the wealthiest Americans. This Congress produced tax relief for millions of low-inme workers to reward work over welfare. It produced NAFTA. It produced the Brady bill, now the Brady law. And thank you, Jim Brady, for being here, and God bless you, sir. This Congress produced tax cuts to reduce the taxes of out of small businesses who use the money to invest more and create more jobs. It produced more research and treatment for AIDS, more childhood immunizations, more support for women's health research, more affordable llege loans for the middle class, a new national service program for those who want to give something back to their untry and their mmunities for higher education, a dramatic increase in high-tech investments to move us from a defense to a domestic high-tech enomy. This Congress produced a new law, the motor voter bill, to help millions of people register to vote. It produced family and medical leave. All passed; all signed into law with not one single veto. These acmplishments were all mmitments I made when I sought this office. And in fairness, they all had to be passed by you in this Congress. But I am persuaded that the real credit belongs to the people who sent us here, who pay our salaries, who hold our feet to the fire. But what we do here is really beginning to change lives. Let me just give you one example. I will never forget what the family and medical leave law meant to just one father I met early one Sunday morning in the White House. It was unusual to see a family there touring early Sunday morning, but he had his wife and his three children there, one of them in a wheelchair. I came up, and after we had our picture taken and had a little visit, I was walking off and that man grabbed me by the arm and he said, Mr. President, let me tell you something. My little girl here is desperately ill. She's probably not going to make it. But because of the family leave law, I was able to take time off to spend with her, the most important time I ever spent in my life, without losing my job and hurting the rest of my family. It means more to me than I will ever be able to say. Don't you people up here ever think what you do doesn't make a difference. It does." Though we are making a difference, our work has just begun. Many Americans still haven't felt the impact of what we've done. The revery still hasn't touched every mmunity or created enough jobs. Inmes are still stagnant. There's still too much violence and not enough hope in too many places. Abroad, the young democracies we are strongly supporting still face very difficult times and look to us for leadership. And so tonight, let us resolve to ntinue the journey of renewal, to create more and better jobs, to guarantee health security for all, to reward work over welfare, to promote democracy abroad, and to begin to reclaim our streets from violent crime and drugs and gangs, to renew our own American mmunity. Last year we began to put our house in order by tackling the budget deficit that was driving us toward bankruptcy. We cut billion in spending, including entitlements, and over separate budget items. We froze domestic spending and used honest budget numbers. Led by the Vice President, we launched a campaign to reinvent Government. We cut staff, cut perks, even trimmed the fleet of Federal limousines. After years of leaders whose rhetoric attacked bureaucracy but whose action expanded it, we will actually reduce it by , people over the next years. By the time we have finished, the Federal bureaucracy will be at its lowest point in years. Because the deficit was so large and because they benefited from tax cuts in the 's, we did ask the wealthiest Americans to pay more to reduce the deficit. So on April th, the American people will disver the truth about what we did last year on taxes. Only the top —[applause]—yes, listen, the top . percent of Americans, as I said all along, will pay higher inme tax rates. Let me repeat: Only the wealthiest . percent of Americans will face higher inme tax rates, and no one else will. And that is the truth. Of urse, there were, as there always are in politics, naysayers who said this plan wouldn't work. But they were wrong. When I became President, the experts predicted that next year's deficit would be billion. But because we acted, those same people now say the deficit is going to be under billion, percent lower than was previously predicted. Our enomic program has helped to produce the lowest re inflation rate and the lowest interest rates in years. And because those interest rates are down, business investment and equipment is growing at times the rate of the previous years. Auto sales are way up. Home sales are at a rerd high. Millions of Americans have refinanced their homes. And our enomy has produced . million private sector jobs in , more than were created in the previous years mbined. The people who supported this enomic plan should be proud of its early results, proud. But everyone in this Chamber should know and acknowledge that there is more to do. Next month I will send you one of the toughest budgets ever presented to Congress. It will cut spending in more than programs, eliminate domestic programs, and reform the ways in which governments buy goods and services. This year we must again make the hard choices to live within the hard spending ceilings we have set. We must do it. We have proved we can bring the deficit down without choking off revery, without punishing seniors or the middle class, and without putting our national security at risk. If you will stick with this plan, we will post nsecutive years of declining deficits for the first time since Harry Truman lived in the White House. And once again, the buck stops here. Our enomic plan also bolsters our strength and our credibility around the world. Once we reduced the deficit and put the steel back into our mpetitive edge, the world echoed with the sound of falling trade barriers. In one year, with NAFTA, with GATT, with our efforts in Asia and the national export strategy, we did more to open world markets to American products than at any time in the last two generations. That means more jobs and rising living standards for the American people, low deficits, low inflation, low interest rates, low trade barriers, and high investments. These are the building blocks of our revery. But if we want to take full advantage of the opportunities before us in the global enomy, you all know we must do more. As we reduce defense spending, I ask Congress to invest more in the technologies of tomorrow. Defense nversion will keep us strong militarily and create jobs for our people here at home. As we protect our environment, we must invest in the environmental technologies of the future which will create jobs. This year we will fight for a revitalized Clean Water Act and a Safe Drinking Water Act and a reformed Superfund program. And the Vice President is right, we must also work with the private sector to nnect every classroom, every clinic, every library, every hospital in America into a national information superhighway by the year . Think of it: Instant access to information will increase productivity, will help to educate our children. It will provide better medical care. It will create jobs. And I call on the Congress to pass legislation to establish that information superhighway this year. As we expand opportunity and create jobs, no one can be left out. We must ntinue to enforce fair lending and fair housing and all civil rights laws, because America will never be mplete in its renewal until everyone shares in its bounty. But we all know, too, we can do all these things—put our enomic house in order, expand world trade, target the jobs of the future, guarantee equal opportunity—but if we're honest we'll all admit that this strategy still cannot work unless we also give our people the education, training, and skills they need to seize the opportunities of tomorrow. We must set tough, world-class academic and occupational standards for all our children and give our teachers and students the tools they need to meet them. Our Goals proposal will empower individual school districts to experiment with ideas like chartering their schools to be run by private rporations or having more public school choice, to do whatever they wish to do as long as we measure every school by one high standard: Are our children learning what they need to know to mpete and win in the global enomy? Goals links world-class standards to grassroots reforms. And I hope Congress will pass it without delay. Our school-to-work initiative will for the first time link school to the world of work, providing at least one year of apprenticeship beyond high school. After all, most of the people we're unting on to build our enomic future won't graduate from llege. It's time to stop ignoring them and start empowering them. We must literally transform our outdated unemployment system into a new reemployment system. The old unemployment system just sort of kept you going while you waited for your old job to me back. We've got to have a new system to move people into new and better jobs, because most of those old jobs just don't me back. And we know that the only way to have real job security in the future, to get a good job with a growing inme, is to have real skills and the ability to learn new ones. So we've got to streamline today's patchwork of training programs and make them a source of new skills for our people who lose their jobs. Reemployment, not unemployment, must beme the centerpiece of our enomic renewal. I urge you to pass it in this session of Congress. And just as we must transform our unemployment system, so must we also revolutionize our welfare system. It doesn't work. It defies our values as a nation. If we value work, we can't justify a system that makes welfare more attractive than work if people are worried about losing their health care. If we value responsibility, we can't ignore the billion in child support absent parents ought to be paying to millions of parents who are taking care of their children. If we value strong families, we can't perpetuate a system that actually penalizes those who stay together. Can you believe that a child who has a child gets more money from the Government for leaving home than for staying home with a parent or a grandparent? That's not just bad policy, it's wrong. And we ought to change it. I worked on this problem for years before I became President, with other Governors and with Members of Congress of both parties and with the previous administration of another party. I worked on it with people who were on welfare, lots of them. And I want to say something to everybody here who cares about this issue. The people who most want to change this system are the people who are dependent on it. They want to get off welfare. They want to go back to work. They want to do right by their kids. I once had a hearing when I was a Governor, and I brought in people on welfare from all over America who had found their way to work. The woman from my State who testified was asked this question: What's the best thing about being off welfare and in a job? And without blinking an eye, she looked at Governors, and she said, When my boy goes to school and they say, What does your mother do for a living?' he can give an answer." These people want a better system, and we ought to give it to them. Last year we began this. We gave the States more power to innovate because we know that a lot of great ideas me from outside Washington, and many States are already using it. Then this Congress took a dramatic step. Instead of taxing people with modest inmes into poverty, we helped them to work their way out of poverty by dramatically increasing the earned-inme tax credit. It will lift million working families out of poverty, rewarding work over welfare, making it possible for people to be successful workers and successful parents. Now that's real welfare reform. But there is more to be done. This spring I will send you a mprehensive welfare reform bill that builds on the Family Support Act of and restores the basic values of work and responsibility. We'll say to teenagers, If you have a child out of wedlock, we will no longer give you a check to set up a separate household. We want families to stay together"; say to absent parents who aren't paying their child support, If you're not providing for your children, we'll garnish your wages, suspend your license, track you across State lines, and if necessary, make some of you work off what you owe." People who bring children into this world cannot and must not walk away from them. But to all those who depend on welfare, we should offer ultimately a simple mpact. We'll provide the support, the job training, the child care you need for up to years. But after that, anyone who can work, must, in the private sector wherever possible, in mmunity service if necessary. That's the only way we'll ever make welfare what it ought to be, a send chance, not a way of life. I know it will be difficult to tackle welfare reform in at the same time we tackle health care. But let me point out, I think it is inevitable and imperative. It is estimated that one million people are on welfare today because it's the only way they can get health care verage for their children. Those who choose to leave welfare for jobs without health benefits, and many entry-level jobs don't have health benefits, find themselves in the incredible position of paying taxes that help to pay for health care verage for those who made the other choice, to stay on welfare. No wonder people leave work and go back to welfare to get health care verage. We've got to solve the health care problem to have real welfare reform. So this year, we will make history by reforming the health care system. And I would say to you, all of you, my fellow public servants, this is another issue where the people are way ahead of the politicians. That may not be popular with either party, but it happens to be the truth. You know, the First Lady has received now almost a million letters from people all across America and from all walks of life. I'd like to share just one of them with you. Richard Anderson of Reno, Nevada, lost his job and with it, his health insurance. Two weeks later his wife, Judy, suffered a cerebral aneurysm. He rushed her to the hospital, where she stayed in intensive care for days. The Andersons' bills were over ,. Although Judy revered and Richard went back to work at an hour, the bills were too much for them, and they were literally forced into bankruptcy. Mrs. Clinton," he wrote to Hillary, no one in the United States of America should have to lose everything they've worked for all their lives because they were unfortunate enough to beme ill." It was to help the Richard and Judy Andersons of America that the First Lady and so many others have worked so hard and so long on this health care reform issue. We owe them our thanks and our action. I know there are people here who say there's no health care crisis. Tell it to Richard and Judy Anderson. Tell it to the million Americans who have no verage at all for some time each year. Tell it to the million Americans with those preexisting nditions. Those folks are paying more, or they can't get insurance at all, or they can't ever change their jobs because they or someone in their family has one of those preexisting nditions. Tell it to the small businesses burdened by the skyrocketing st of insurance. Most small businesses ver their employees, and they pay on average percent more in premiums than big businesses or Government. Or tell it to the percent of insured Americans, three out of four, whose policies have lifetime limits, and that means they can find themselves without any verage at all just when they need it the most. So if any of you believe there's no crisis, you tell it to those people, because I can't. There are some people who literally do not understand the impact of this problem on people's lives. And all you have to do is go out and listen to them. Just go talk to them anywhere in any ngressional district in this untry. They're Republicans and Democrats and independents; it doesn't have a lick to do with party. They think we don't get it. And it's time we show them that we do get it. From the day we began, our health care initiative has been designed to strengthen what is good about our health care system: the world's best health care professionals, cutting-edge research and wonderful research institutions, Medicare for older Americans. None of this, none of it should be put at risk. But we're paying more and more money for less and less care. Every year fewer and fewer Americans even get to choose their doctors. Every year doctors and nurses spend more time on paperwork and less time with patients because of the absolute bureaucratic nightmare the present system has beme. This system is riddled with inefficiency, with abuse, with fraud, and everybody knows it. In today's health care system, insurance mpanies call the shots. They pick whom they ver and how they ver them. They can cut off your benefits when you need your verage the most. They are in charge. What does it mean? It means every night millions of well-insured Americans go to bed just an illness, an accident, or a pink slip away from having no verage or financial ruin. It means every morning millions of Americans go to work without any health insurance at all, something the workers in no other advanced untry in the world do. It means that every year more and more hard-working people are told to pick a new doctor because their boss has had to pick a new plan. And untless others turn down better jobs because they know if they take the better job, they will lose their health insurance. If we just let the health care system ntinue to drift, our untry will have people with less care, fewer choices, and higher bills. Now, our approach protects the quality of care and people's choices. It builds on what works today in the private sector, to expand employer-based verage, to guarantee private insurance for every American. And I might say, employer-based private insurance for every American was proposed years ago by President Richard Nixon to the United States Congress. It was a good idea then, and it's a better idea today. Why do we want guaranteed private insurance? Because right now out of people who have insurance get it through their employers. And that should ntinue. And if your employer is providing good benefits at reasonable prices, that should ntinue, too. That ought to make the Congress and the President feel better. Our goal is health insurance everybody can depend on: mprehensive benefits that ver preventive care and prescription drugs; health premiums that don't just explode when you get sick or you get older; the power, no matter how small your business is, to choose dependable insurance at the same mpetitive rates governments and big business get today; one simple form for people who are sick; and most of all, the freedom to choose a plan and the right to choose your own doctor. Our approach protects older Americans. Every plan before the Congress proposes to slow the growth of Medicare. The difference is this: We believe those savings should be used to improve health care for senior citizens. Medicare must be protected, and it should ver prescription drugs, and we should take the first steps in vering long-term care. To those who would cut Medicare without protecting seniors, I say the solution to today's squeeze on middle class working people's health care is not to put the squeeze on middle class retired people's health care. We can do better than that. When it's all said and done, it's pretty simple to me. Insurance ought to mean what it used to mean: You pay a fair price for security, and when you get sick, health care's always there, no matter what. Along with the guarantee of health security, we all have to admit, too, there must be more responsibility on the part of all of us in how we use this system. People have to take their kids to get immunized. We should all take advantage of preventive care. We must all work together to stop the violence that explodes our emergency rooms. We have to practice better health habits, and we can't abuse the system. And those who don't have insurance under our approach will get verage, but they'll have to pay something for it, too. The minority of businesses that provide no insurance at all, and in so doing shift the st of the care of their employees to others, should ntribute something. People who smoke should pay more for a pack of cigarettes. Everybody can ntribute something if we want to solve the health care crisis. There can't be any more something for nothing. It will not be easy but it can be done. Now, in the ming months I hope very much to work with both Democrats and Republicans to reform a health care system by using the market to bring down sts and to achieve lasting health security. But if you look at history we see that for years this untry has tried to reform health care. President Roosevelt tried. President Truman tried. President Nixon tried. President Carter tried. Every time the special interests were powerful enough to defeat them. But not this time. I know that facing up to these interests will require urage. It will raise critical questions about the way we finance our campaigns and how lobbyists yield their influence. The work of change, frankly, will never get any easier until we limit the influence of well-financed interests who profit from this current system. So I also must now call on you to finish the job both Houses began last year by passing tough and meaningful campaign finance reform and lobby reform legislation this year. You know, my fellow Americans, this is really a test for all of us. The American people provide those of us in Government service with terrific health care benefits at reasonable sts. We have health care that's always there. I think we need to give every hard-working, tax-paying American the same health care security they have already given to us. I want to make this very clear. I am open, as I have said repeatedly, to the best ideas of ncerned Members of both parties. I have no special brief for any specific approach, even in our own bill, except this: If you send me legislation that does not guarantee every American private health insurance that can never be taken away, you will force me to take this pen, veto the legislation, and we'll me right back here and start all over again. But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we're ready to act now. I believe that you're ready to act now. And if you're ready to guarantee every American the same health care that you have, health care that can never be taken away, now—not next year or the year after—now is the time to stand with the people who sent us here, now. As we take these steps together to renew our strength at home, we cannot turn away from our obligation to renew our leadership abroad. This is a promising moment. Because of the agreements we have reached this year, last year, Russia's strategic nuclear missiles soon will no longer be pointed at the United States, nor will we point ours at them. Instead of building weapons in space, Russian scientists will help us to build the international space station. Of urse, there are still dangers in the world: rampant arms proliferation, bitter regional nflicts, ethnic and nationalist tensions in many new democracies, severe environmental degradation the world over, and fanatics who seek to cripple the world's cities with terror. As the world's greatest power, we must, therefore, maintain our defenses and our responsibilities. This year, we secured indictments against terrorists and sanctions against those who harbor them. We worked to promote environmentally sustainable enomic growth. We achieved agreements with Ukraine, with Belarus, with Kazahkstan to eliminate mpletely their nuclear arsenal. We are working to achieve a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons. We will seek early ratification of a treaty to ban chemical weapons worldwide. And earlier today, we joined with over nations to begin negotiations on a mprehensive ban to stop all nuclear testing. But nothing, nothing is more important to our security than our Nation's Armed Forces. We honor their ntributions, including those who are carrying out the longest humanitarian air lift in history in Bosnia, those who will mplete their mission in Somalia this year and their brave mrades who gave their lives there. Our forces are the finest military our Nation has ever had. And I have pledged that as long as I am President, they will remain the best equipped, the best trained, and the best prepared fighting force on the face of the Earth. Last year I proposed a defense plan that maintains our post-ld-war security at a lower st. This year many people urged me to cut our defense spending further to pay for other Government programs. I said no. The budget I send to Congress draws the line against further defense cuts. It protects the readiness and quality of our forces. Ultimately, the best strategy is to do that. We must not cut defense further. I hope the Congress, without regard to party, will support that position. Ultimately, the best strategy to ensure our security and to build a durable peace is to support the advance of democracy elsewhere. Democracies don't attack each other. They make better trading partners and partners in diplomacy. That is why we have supported, you and I, the democratic reformers in Russia and in the other states of the former Soviet bloc. I applaud the bipartisan support this Congress provided last year for our initiatives to help Russia, Ukraine, and the other states through their epic transformations. Our support of reform must mbine patience for the enormity of the task and vigilance for our fundamental interest and values. We will ntinue to urge Russia and the other states to press ahead with enomic reforms. And we will seek to operate with Russia to solve regional problems, while insisting that if Russian troops operate in neighboring states, they do so only when those states agree to their presence and in strict acrd with international standards. But we must also remember as these nations chart their own futures—and they must chart their own futures—how much more secure and more prosperous our own people will be if democratic and market reforms succeed all across the former Communist bloc. Our policy has been to support that move, and that has been the policy of the Congress. We should ntinue it. That is why I went to Europe earlier this month, to work with our European partners, to help to integrate all the former Communist untries into a Europe that has a possibility of beming unified for the first time in its entire history, its entire history, based on the simple mmitments of all nations in Europe to democracy, to free markets, and to respect for existing borders. With our allies we have created a Partnership For Peace that invites states from the former Soviet bloc and other non-NATO members to work with NATO in military operation. When I met with Central Europe's leaders, including Lech Walesa and Vaclav Havel, men who put their lives on the line for freedom, I told them that the security of their region is important to our untry's security. This year we must also do more to support democratic renewal and human rights and sustainable development all around the world. We will ask Congress to ratify the new GATT acrd. We will ntinue standing by South Africa as it works its way through its bold and hopeful and difficult transition to democracy. We will nvene a summit of the Western Hemisphere's democratic leaders from Canada to the tip of South America. And we will ntinue to press for the restoration of true democracy in Haiti. And as we build a more nstructive relationship with China, we must ntinue to insist on clear signs of improvement in that nation's human rights rerd. We will also work for new progress toward the Middle East peace. Last year the world watched Yitzhak Rabin and Yasser Arafat at the White House when they had their historic handshake of renciliation. But there is a long, hard road ahead. And on that road I am determined that I and our administration will do all we can to achieve a mprehensive and lasting peace for all the peoples of the region. Now, there are some in our untry who argue that with the ld war, America should turn its back on the rest of the world. Many around the world were afraid we would do just that. But I took this office on a pledge that had no partisan tinge, to keep our Nation secure by remaining engaged in the rest of the world. And this year, because of our work together, enacting NAFTA, keeping our military strong and prepared, supporting democracy abroad, we have reaffirmed America's leadership, America's engagement. And as a result, the American people are more secure than they were before. But while Americans are more secure from threats abroad, I think we all know that in many ways we are less secure from threats here at home. Every day the national peace is shattered by crime. In Petaluma, California, an innocent slumber party gives way to agonizing tragedy for the family of Polly Klaas. An ordinary train ride on Long Island ends in a hail of -millimeter rounds. A tourist in Florida is nearly burned alive by bigots simply because he is black. Right here in our Nation's Capital, a brave young man named Jason White, a policeman, the son and grandson of policemen, is ruthlessly gunned down. Violent crime and the fear it provokes are crippling our society, limiting personal freedom, and fraying the ties that bind us. The crime bill before Congress gives you a chance to do something about it, a chance to be tough and smart. What does that mean? Let me begin by saying I care a lot about this issue. Many years ago, when I started out in public life, I was the attorney general of my State. I served as a Governor for a dozen years. I know what it's like to sign laws increasing penalties, to build more prison cells, to carry out the death penalty. I understand this issue. And it is not a simple thing. First, we must regnize that most violent crimes are mmitted by a small percentage of criminals who too often break the laws even when they are on parole. Now those who mmit crimes should be punished. And those who mmit repeated violent crimes should be told, When you mmit a third violent crime, you will be put away, and put away for good; three strikes and you are out." Send, we must take serious steps to reduce violence and prevent crime, beginning with more police officers and more mmunity policing. We know right now that police who work the streets, know the folks, have the respect of the neighborhood kids, focus on high crime areas, we know that they are more likely to prevent crime as well as catch criminals. Look at the experience of Houston, where the crime rate dropped percent in one year when that approach was taken. Here tonight is one of those mmunity policemen, a brave, young detective, Kevin Jett, whose beat is eight square blocks in one of the toughest neighborhoods in New York. Every day he restores some sanity and safety and a sense of values and nnections to the people whose lives he protects. I'd like to ask him to stand up and be regnized tonight. Thank you, sir. Applause] You will be given a chance to give the children of this untry, the law-abiding working people of this untry—and don't forget, in the toughest neighborhoods in this untry, in the highest crime neighborhoods in this untry, the vast majority of people get up every day and obey the law, pay their taxes, do their best to raise their kids. They deserve people like Kevin Jett. And you're going to be given a chance to give the American people another , of them, well trained. And I urge you to do it. You have before you crime legislation which also establishes a police rps to enurage young people to get an education and pay it off by serving as police officers; which enurages retiring military personnel to move into police forces, an inordinate resource for our untry; one which has a safe schools provision which will give our young people the chance to walk to school in safety and to be in school in safety instead of dodging bullets. These are important things. The third thing we have to do is to build on the Brady bill, the Brady law, to take further steps to keep guns out of the hands of criminals. I want to say something about this issue. Hunters must always be free to hunt. Law-abiding adults should always be free to own guns and protect their homes. I respect that part of our culture; I grew up in it. But I want to ask the sportsmen and others who lawfully own guns to join us in this campaign to reduce gun violence. I say to you, I know you didn't create this problem, but we need your help to solve it. There is no sporting purpose on Earth that should stop the United States Congress from banishing assault weapons that out-gun police and cut down children. Fourth, we must remember that drugs are a factor in an enormous percentage of crimes. Recent studies indicate, sadly, that drug use is on the rise again among our young people. The crime bill ntains—all the crime bills ntain— more money for drug treatment for criminal addicts and boot camps for youthful offenders that include incentives to get off drugs and to stay off drugs. Our administration's budget, with all its cuts, ntains a large increase in funding for drug treatment and drug education. You must pass them both. We need them desperately. My fellow Americans, the problem of violence is an American problem. It has no partisan or philosophical element. Therefore, I urge you to find ways as quickly as possible to set aside partisan differences and pass a strong, smart, tough crime bill. But further, I urge you to nsider this: As you demand tougher penalties for those who choose violence, let us also remember how we came to this sad point. In our toughest neighborhoods, on our meanest streets, in our poorest rural areas, we have seen a stunning and simultaneous breakdown of mmunity, family, and work, the heart and soul of civilized society. This has created a vast vacuum which has been filled by violence and drugs and gangs. So I ask you to remember that even as we say no to crime, we must give people, especially our young people, something to say yes to. Many of our initiatives, from job training to welfare reform to health care to national service, will help to rebuild distressed mmunities, to strengthen families, to provide work. But more needs to be done. That's what our mmunity empowerment agenda is all about, challenging businesses to provide more investment through empowerment zones, ensuring banks will make loans in the same mmunities their deposits me from, passing legislation to unleash the power of capital through mmunity development banks to create jobs, opportunity, and hope where they're needed most. I think you know that to really solve this problem, we'll all have to put our heads together, leave our ideological armor aside, and find some new ideas to do even more. And let's be honest, we all know something else too: Our problems go way beyond the reach of Government. They're rooted in the loss of values, in the disappearance of work, and the breakdown of our families and our mmunities. My fellow Americans, we can cut the deficit, create jobs, promote democracy around the world, pass welfare reform and health care, pass the toughest crime bill in history, but still leave too many of our people behind. The American people have got to want to change from within if we're going to bring back work and family and mmunity. We cannot renew our untry when within a decade more than half of the children will be born into families where there has been no marriage. We cannot renew this untry when -year-old boys get semiautomatic weapons to shoot -year-olds for kicks. We can't renew our untry when children are having children and the fathers walk away as if the kids don't amount to anything. We can't renew the untry when our businesses eagerly look for new investments and new customers abroad but ignore those people right here at home who would give anything to have their jobs and would gladly buy their products if they had the money to do it. We can't renew our untry unless more of us—I mean, all of us— are willing to join the churches and the other good citizens, people like all the—like ministers I've worked with over the years or the priests and the nuns I met at Our Lady of Help in east Los Angeles or my good friend Tony Campollo in Philadelphia, unless we're willing to work with people like that, people who are saving kids, adopting schools, making streets safer. All of us can do that. We can't renew our untry until we realize that governments don't raise children, parents do. Parents who know their children's teachers and turn off the television and help with the homework and teach their kids right from wrong, those kinds of parents can make all the difference. I know; I had one. I'm telling you, we have got to stop pointing our fingers at these kids who have no future and reach our hands out to them. Our untry needs it, we need it, and they deserve it. So I say to you tonight, let's give our children a future. Let us take away their guns and give them books. Let us overme their despair and replace it with hope. Let us, by our example, teach them to obey the law, respect our neighbors, and cherish our values. Let us weave these sturdy threads into a new American mmunity that can once more stand strong against the forces of despair and evil because everybody has a chance to walk into a better tomorrow. Oh, there will be naysayers who fear that we won't be equal to the challenges of this time. But they misread our history, our heritage. Even today's headlines, all those things tell us we can and we will overme any challenge. When the earth shook and fires raged in California, when I saw the Mississippi deluge the farmlands of the Midwest in a -year flood, when the century's bitterest ld swept from North Dakota to Newport News, it seemed as though the world itself was ming apart at the seams. But the American people, they just came together. They rose to the occasion, neighbor helping neighbor, strangers risking life and limb to save total strangers, showing the better angels of our nature. Let us not reserve the better angels only for natural disasters, leaving our deepest and most profound problems to petty political fighting. Let us instead be true to our spirit, facing facts, ming together, bringing hope, and moving forward. Tonight, my fellow Americans, we are summoned to answer a question as old as the Republic itself: What is the state of our Union? It is growing stronger, but it must be stronger still. With your help and God's help, it will be. Thank you, and God bless America. Thank you very much for that warm reception. You know, with the big buildup this address has had, I wanted to make sure it would be a big hit, but I uldn't nvince Barbara to deliver it for me. Laughter] I see the Speaker and the Vice President are laughing. They saw what I did in Japan, and they're just happy they're sitting behind me. Laughter] I mean to speak tonight of big things, of big changes and the promises they hold, and of some big problems and how, together, we can solve them and move our untry forward as the undisputed leader of the age. We gather tonight at a dramatic and deeply promising time in our history and in the history of man on Earth. For in the past months, the world has known changes of almost Biblical proportions. And even now, months after the failed up that doomed a failed system, I'm not sure we've absorbed the full impact, the full import of what happened. But mmunism died this year. Even as President, with the most fascinating possible vantage point, there were times when I was so busy managing progress and helping to lead change that I didn't always show the joy that was in my heart. But the biggest thing that has happened in the world in my life, in our lives, is this: By the grace of God, America won the ld war. I mean to speak this evening of the changes that can take place in our untry, now that we can stop making the sacrifices we had to make when we had an avowed enemy that was a superpower. Now we can look homeward even more and move to set right what needs to be set right. I will speak of those things. But let me tell you something I've been thinking these past few months. It's a kind of rollcall of honor. For the ld war didn't end; it was won. And I think of those who won it, in places like Korea and Vietnam. And some of them didn't me back. Back then they were heroes, but this year they were victors. The long rollcall, all the G.I. Joes and Janes, all the ones who fought faithfully for freedom, who hit the ground and sucked the dust and knew their share of horror. This may seem frivolous, and I don't mean it so, but it's moving to me how the world saw them. The world saw not only their special valor but their special style: their rambunctious, optimistic bravery, their do-or-die unity unhampered by class or race or region. What a group we've put forth, for generations now, from the ones who wrote Kilroy was here" on the walls of the German stalags to those who left signs in the Iraqi desert that said, I saw Elvis." What a group of kids we've sent out into the world. And there's another to be singled out, though it may seem inelegant, and I mean a mass of people called the American taxpayer. No one ever thinks to thank the people who pay a untry's bill or an alliance's bill. But for half a century now, the American people have shouldered the burden and paid taxes that were higher than they would have been to support a defense that was bigger than it would have been if imperial mmunism had never existed. But it did; doesn't anymore. And here's a fact I wouldn't mind the world acknowledging: The American taxpayer bore the brunt of the burden and deserves a hunk of the glory. So now, for the first time in years, our strategic bombers stand down. No longer are they on round-the-clock alert. Tomorrow our children will go to school and study history and how plants grow. And they won't have, as my children did, air raid drills in which they crawl under their desks and ver their heads in case of nuclear war. My grandchildren don't have to do that and won't have the bad dreams children had once, in decades past. There are still threats. But the long, drawn-out dread is over. A year ago tonight, I spoke to you at a moment of high peril. American forces had just unleashed Operation Desert Storm. And after days in the desert skies and days on the ground, the men and women of America's Armed Forces and our allies acmplished the goals that I declared and that you endorsed: We liberated Kuwait. Soon after, the Arab world and Israel sat down to talk seriously and mprehensively about peace, an historic first. And soon after that, at Christmas, the last American hostages came home. Our policies were vindicated. Much good can me from the prudent use of power. And much good can me of this: A world once divided into two armed camps now regnizes one sole and preeminent power, the United States of America. And they regard this with no dread. For the world trusts us with power, and the world is right. They trust us to be fair and restrained. They trust us to be on the side of decency. They trust us to do what's right. I use those words advisedly. A few days after the war began, I received a telegram from Joanne Speicher, the wife of the first pilot killed in the Gulf, Lieutenant Commander Stt Speicher. Even in her grief, she wanted me to know that some day when her children were old enough, she would tell them that their father went away to war because it was the right thing to do." And she said it all: It was the right thing to do. And we did it together. There were honest differences right here in this Chamber. But when the war began, you put partisanship aside, and we supported our troops. This is still a time for pride, but this is no time to boast. For problems face us, and we must stand together once again and solve them and not let our untry down. Two years ago, I began planning cuts in military spending that reflected the changes of the new era. But now, this year, with imperial mmunism gone, that process can be accelerated. Tonight I can tell you of dramatic changes in our strategic nuclear force. These are actions we are taking on our own because they are the right thing to do. After mpleting planes for which we have begun procurement, we will shut down further production of the B bombers. We will cancel the small ICBM program. We will cease production of new warheads for our sea-based ballistic missiles. We will stop all new production of the Peacekeeper missile. And we will not purchase any more advanced cruise missiles. This weekend I will meet at Camp David with Boris Yeltsin of the Russian Federation. I've informed President Yeltsin that if the Commonwealth, the former Soviet Union, will eliminate all land-based multiple-warhead ballistic missiles, I will do the following: We will eliminate all Peacekeeper missiles. We will reduce the number of warheads on Minuteman missiles to one and reduce the number of warheads on our sea-based missiles by about one-third. And we will nvert a substantial portion of our strategic bombers to primarily nventional use. President Yeltsin's early response has been very positive, and I expect our talks at Camp David to be fruitful. I want you to know that for half a century, American Presidents have longed to make such decisions and say such words. But even in the midst of celebration, we must keep caution as a friend. For the world is still a dangerous place. Only the dead have seen the end of nflict. And though yesterday's challenges are behind us, tomorrow's are being born. The Secretary of Defense remmended these cuts after nsultation with the Joint Chiefs of Staff. And I make them with nfidence. But do not misunderstand me. The reductions I have approved will save us an additional billion over the next years. By , we will have cut defense by percent since I took office. These cuts are deep, and you must know my resolve: This deep, and no deeper. To do less would be insensible to progress, but to do more would be ignorant of history. We must not go back to the days of the hollow army." We cannot repeat the mistakes made twice in this century when armistice was followed by recklessness and defense was purged as if the world were permanently safe. I remind you this evening that I have asked for your support in funding a program to protect our untry from limited nuclear missile attack. We must have this protection because too many people in too many untries have access to nuclear arms. And I urge you again to pass the Strategic Defense Initiative, SDI. There are those who say that now we can turn away from the world, that we have no special role, no special place. But we are the United States of America, the leader of the West that has beme the leader of the world. And as long as I am President, I will ntinue to lead in support of freedom everywhere, not out of arrogance, not out of altruism, but for the safety and security of our children. This is a fact: Strength in the pursuit of peace is no vice; isolationism in the pursuit of security is no virtue. And now to our troubles at home. They're not all enomic; the primary problem is our enomy. There are some good signs. Inflation, that thief, is down. And interest rates are down. But unemployment is too high, some industries are in trouble, and growth is not what it should be. Let me tell you right from the start and right from the heart, I know we're in hard times. But I know something else: This will not stand. In this Chamber, in this Chamber we can bring the same urage and sense of mmon purpose to the enomy that we brought to Desert Storm. And we can defeat hard times together. I believe you'll help. One reason is that you're patriots, and you want the best for your untry. And I believe that in your hearts you want to put partisanship aside and get the job done because it's the right thing to do. The power of America rests in a stirring but simple idea, that people will do great things if only you set them free. Well, we're going to set the enomy free. For if this age of miracles and wonders has taught us anything, it's that if we can change the world we can change America. We must enurage investment. We must make it easier for people to invest money and create new products, new industries, and new jobs. We must clear away the obstacles to growth: high taxes, high regulation, redtape, and yes, wasteful Government spending. None of this will happen with a snap of the fingers, but it will happen. And the test of a plan isn't whether it's called new or dazzling. The American people aren't impressed by gimmicks; they're smarter on this sre than all of us in this room. The only test of a plan is: Is it sound, and will it work? We must have a short-term plan to address our immediate needs and heat up the enomy. And then we need a longer term plan to keep mbustion going and to guarantee our place in the world enomy. There are certain things that a President can do without Congress, and I'm going to do them. I have, this evening, asked major Cabinet departments and Federal agencies to institute a -day moratorium on any new Federal regulations that uld hinder growth. In those days, major departments and agencies will carry out a top-to-bottom review of all regulations, old and new, to stop the ones that will hurt growth and speed up those that will help growth. Further, for the untold number of hard-working, responsible American workers and business men and women who've been forced to go without needed bank loans, the banking credit crunch must end. I won't neglect my responsibility for sound regulations that serve the public good, but regulatory overkill must be stopped. And I've instructed our Government regulators to stop it. I have directed Cabinet departments and Federal agencies to speed up progrowth expenditures as quickly as possible. This should put an extra billion into the enomy in the next months. And our new transportation bill provides more than billion for nstruction and maintenance projects that are vital to our growth and well-being. And that means jobs building roads, jobs building bridges, and jobs building railways. And I have, this evening, directed the Secretary of the Treasury to change the Federal tax withholding tables. With this change, millions of Americans from whom the Government withholds more than necessary can now choose to have the Government withhold less from their paychecks. Something tells me a number of taxpayers may take us up on this one. This initiative uld return about billion back into our enomy over the next months, money people can use to help pay for clothing, llege, or to get a new car. Finally, working with the Federal Reserve, we will ntinue to support monetary policy that keeps both interest rates and inflation down. Now, these are the things I can do. And now, Members of Congress, let me tell you what you can do for your untry. You must pass the other elements of my plan to meet our enomic needs. Everyone knows that investment spurs revery. I am proposing this evening a change in the alternative minimum tax and the creation of a new -percent investment tax allowance. This will enurage businesses to accelerate investment and bring people back to work. Real estate has led our enomy out of almost all the tough times we've ever had. Once building starts, carpenters and plumbers work; people buy homes and take out mortgages. My plan would modify the passive loss rule for active real estate developers. And it would make it easier for pension plans to purchase real estate. For those Americans who dream of buying a first home but who can't quite afford it, my plan would allow first-time homebuyers to withdraw savings from IRA's without penalty and provide a , tax credit for the first purchase of that home. And finally, my immediate plan calls on Congress to give crucial help to people who own a home, to everyone who has a business or a farm or a single investment. This time, at this hour, I cannot take no for an answer. You must cut the capital gains tax on the people of our untry. Never has an issue been more demagogued by its opponents. But the demagogs are wrong. They are wrong, and they know it. Sixty percent of the people who benefit from lower capital gains have inmes under ,. A cut in the capital gains tax increases jobs and helps just about everyone in our untry. And so, I'm asking you to cut the capital gains tax to a maximum of . percent. I'll tell you, those of you who say, Oh, no, someone who's mfortable may benefit from that," you kind of remind me of the old definition of the Puritan who uldn't sleep at night, worrying that somehow, someone somewhere was out having a good time. Laughter] The opponents of this measure and those who have authored various so-called soak-the-rich bills that are floating around this Chamber should be reminded of something: When they aim at the big guy, they usually hit the little guy. And maybe it's time that stopped. This, then, is my short-term plan. Your part, Members of Congress, requires enactment of these mmonsense proposals that will have a strong effect on the enomy without breaking the budget agreement and without raising tax rates. While my plan is being passed and kicking in, we've got to care for those in trouble today. I have provided for up to . billion in my budget to extend Federal unemployment benefits. And I ask for ngressional action right away. And I thank the mmittee. Applause] Well, at last. Let's be frank. Let's be frank. Let me level with you. I know and you know that my plan is unveiled in a political season. Laughter] I know and you know that everything I propose will be viewed by some in merely partisan terms. But I ask you to know what is in my heart. And my aim is to increase our Nation's good. I'm doing what I think is right, and I am proposing what I know will help. I pride myself that I'm a prudent man, and I believe that patience is a virtue. But I understand that politics is, for some, a game and that sometimes the game is to stop all progress and then decry the lack of improvement. Laughter] But let me tell you: Far more important than my political future and far more important than yours is the well-being of our untry. Members of this Chamber are practical people, and I know you won't resent some practical advice. When people put their party's fortunes, whatever the party, whatever side of this aisle, before the public good, they urt defeat not only for their untry but for themselves. And they will certainly deserve it. I submit my plan tomorrow, and I'm asking you to pass it by March th. And I ask the American people to let you know they want this action by March th. From the day after that, if it must be, the battle is joined. And you know, when principle is at stake I relish a good, fair fight. I said my plan has two parts, and it does. And it's the send part that is the heart of the matter. For it's not enough to get an immediate burst. We need long-term improvement in our enomic position. We all know that the key to our enomic future is to ensure that America ntinues as an enomic leader of the world. We have that in our power. Here, then, is my long-term plan to guarantee our future. First, trade: We will work to break down the walls that stop world trade. We will work to open markets everywhere. And in our major trade negotiations, I will ntinue pushing to eliminate tariffs and subsidies that damage America's farmers and workers. And we'll get more good American jobs within our own hemisphere through the North American free trade agreement and through the Enterprise for the Americas Initiative. But changes are here, and more are ming. The workplace of the future will demand more highly skilled workers than ever, more people who are mputer-literate, highly educated. We must be the world's leader in education. And we must revolutionize America's schools. My America strategy will help us reach that goal. My plan will give parents more choice, give teachers more flexibility, and help mmunities create new American schools. Thirty States across the Nation have established America programs. Hundreds of cities and towns have joined in. Now Congress must join this great movement: Pass my proposals for new American schools. That was my send long-term proposal, and here's my third: We must make mmonsense investments that will help us mpete, long-term, in the marketplace. We must enurage research and development. My plan is to make the R&D tax credit permanent and to provide rerd levels of support, over billion this year alone, for people who will explore the promise of emerging technologies. Fourth, we must do something about crime and drugs. It is time for a major, renewed investment in fighting violent street crime. It saps our strength and hurts our faith in our society and in our future together. Surely a tired woman on her way to work at in the morning on a subway deserves the right to get there safely. And surely it's true that everyone who changes his or her life because of crime, from those afraid to go out at night to those afraid to walk in the parks they pay for, surely these people have been denied a basic civil right. It is time to restore it. Congress, pass my mprehensive crime bill. It is tough on criminals and supportive of police, and it has been languishing in these hallowed halls for years now. Pass it. Help your untry. Fifth, I ask you tonight to fund our HOPE housing proposal and to pass my enterprise zone legislation which will get businesses into the inner city. We must empower the poor with the pride that mes from owning a home, getting a job, beming a part of things. My plan would enurage real estate nstruction by extending tax incentives for mortgage revenue bonds and low-inme housing. And I ask tonight for rerd expenditures for the program that helps children born into want move into excellence, Head Start. Step six, we must reform our health care system. For this, too, bears on whether or not we can mpete in the world. American health sts have been exploding. This year America will spend over billion on health, and that is expected to grow to . trillion by the end of the decade. We simply cannot afford this. The st of health care shows up not only in your family budget but in the price of everything we buy and everything we sell. When health verage for a fellow on an assembly line sts thousands of dollars, the st goes into the products he makes, and you pay the bill. We must make a choice. Now, some pretend we can have it both ways. They call it play or pay," but that expensive approach is unstable. It will mean higher taxes, fewer jobs, and eventually a system under mplete Government ntrol. Really, there are only two options. And we can move toward a nationalized system, a system which will restrict patient choice in picking a doctor and force the Government to ration services arbitrarily. And what we'll get is patients in long lines, indifferent service, and a huge new tax burden. Or we can reform our own private health care system, which still gives us, for all its flaws, the best quality health care in the world. Well, let's build on our strengths. My plan provides insurance security for all Americans while preserving and increasing the idea of choice. We make basic health insurance affordable for all low-inme people not now vered, and we do it by providing a health insurance tax credit of up to , for each low-inme family. And the middle class gets help, too. And by reforming the health insurance market, my plan assures that Americans will have access to basic health insurance even if they change jobs or develop serious health problems. We must bring sts under ntrol, preserve quality, preserve choice, and reduce the people's nagging daily worry about health insurance. My plan, the details of which I'll announce very shortly, does just that. Seventh, we must get the Federal deficit under ntrol. We now have, in law, enforceable spending caps and a requirement that we pay for the programs we create. There are those in Congress who would ease that discipline now. But I cannot let them do it, and I won't. My plan would freeze all domestic discretionary budget authority, which means no more next year than this year. I will not tamper with Social Security, but I would put real caps on the growth of unntrolled spending. And I would also freeze Federal domestic Government employment. And with the help of Congress, my plan will get rid of programs that don't deserve Federal funding. Some of them have noble titles, but none of them is indispensable. We can get rid of each and every one of them. You know, it's time we redisvered a home truth the American people have never forgotten: This Government is too big and spends too much. And I call upon Congress to adopt a measure that will help put an end to the annual ritual of filling the budget with pork barrel appropriations. Every year, the press has a field day making fun of outrageous examples: a Lawrence Welk museum, research grants for Belgian endive. We all know how these things get into the budget, and maybe you need someone to help you say no. I know how to say it, and I know what I need to make it stick. Give me the same thing Governors have, the line-item veto, and let me help you ntrol spending. We must put an end to unfinanced Federal Government mandates. These are the requirements Congress puts on our cities, unties, and States without supplying the money. If Congress passes a mandate, it should be forced to pay for it and balance the st with savings elsewhere. After all, a mandate just increases someone else's burden, and that means higher taxes at the State and local level. Step eight, Congress should enact the bold reform proposals that are still awaiting ngressional action: bank reform, civil justice reform, tort reform, and my national energy strategy. And finally, we must strengthen the family because it is the family that has the greatest bearing on our future. When Barbara holds an AIDS baby in her arms and reads to children, she's saying to every person in this untry: Family matters. And I am announcing tonight a new Commission on America's Urban Families. I've asked Missouri's Governor John Ashcroft to be Chairman, former Dallas Mayor Annette Strauss to be Cochair. You know, I had mayors, the leading mayors from the League of Cities, in the other day at the White House, and they told me something striking. They said that every one of them, Republican or Democrat, agreed on one thing, that the major cause of the problems of the cities is the dissolution of the family. They asked for this Commission, and they were right to ask because it's time to determine what we can do to keep families together, strong and sound. There's one thing we can do right away: Ease the burden of rearing a child. I ask you tonight to raise the personal exemption by per child for every family. For a family with four kids, that's an increase of ,. This is a good start in the right direction, and it's what we can afford. It's time to allow families to deduct the interest they pay on student loans. I am asking you to do just that. And I'm asking you to allow people to use money from their IRA's to pay medical and education expenses, all without penalties. And I'm asking for more. Ask American parents what they dislike about how things are going in our untry, and chances are good that pretty soon they'll get to welfare. Americans are the most generous people on Earth. But we have to go back to the insight of Franklin Roosevelt who, when he spoke of what became the welfare program, warned that it must not beme a nartic" and a subtle destroyer" of the spirit. Welfare was never meant to be a lifestyle. It was never meant to be a habit. It was never supposed to be passed from generation to generation like a legacy. It's time to replace the assumptions of the welfare state and help reform the welfare system. States throughout the untry are beginning to operate with new assumptions that when able-bodied people receive Government assistance, they have responsibilities to the taxpayer: A responsibility to seek work, education, or job training; a responsibility to get their lives in order; a responsibility to hold their families together and refrain from having children out of wedlock; and a responsibility to obey the law. We are going to help this movement. Often, State reform requires waiving certain Federal regulations. I will act to make that process easier and quicker for every State that asks for our help. I want to add, as we make these changes, we work together to improve this system, that our intention is not scapegoating or finger-pointing. If you read the papers and watch TV, you know there's been a rise these days in a certain kind of ugliness: racist mments, anti-Semitism, an increased sense of division. Really, this is not us. This is not who we are. And this is not acceptable. And so, you have my plan for America. And I'm asking for big things, but I believe in my heart you'll do what's right. You know, it's kind of an American tradition to show a certain skepticism toward our democratic institutions. I myself have sometimes thought the aging process uld be delayed if it had to make its way through Congress. Laughter] You will deliberate, and you will discuss, and that is fine. But, my friends, the people cannot wait. They need help now. There's a mood among us. People are worried. There's been talk of decline. Someone even said our workers are lazy and uninspired. And I thought: Really? You go tell Neil Armstrong standing on the moon. Tell the men and women who put him there. Tell the American farmer who feeds his untry and the world. Tell the men and women of Desert Storm. Moods me and go, but greatness endures. Ours does. And maybe for a moment it's good to remember what, in the dailiness of our lives, we forget: We are still and ever the freest nation on Earth, the kindest nation on Earth, the strongest nation on Earth. And we have always risen to the occasion. And we are going to lift this Nation out of hard times inch by inch and day by day, and those who would stop us had better step aside. Because I look at hard times, and I make this vow: This will not stand. And so, we move on together, a rising nation, the once and future miracle that is still, this night, the hope of the world. Thank you. God bless you, and God bless our beloved untry. Thank you very, very much. I me to this House of the people to speak to you and all Americans, certain that we stand at a defining hour. Halfway around the world, we are engaged in a great struggle in the skies and on the seas and sands. We know why we're there: We are Americans, part of something larger than ourselves. For two centuries, we've done the hard work of freedom. And tonight, we lead the world in facing down a threat to decency and humanity. What is at stake is more than one small untry; it is a big idea: a new world order, where diverse nations are drawn together in mmon cause to achieve the universal aspirations of mankind - peace and security, freedom, and the rule of law. Such is a world worthy of our struggle and worthy of our children's future. The mmunity of nations has resolutely gathered to ndemn and repel lawless aggression. Saddam Hussein's unprovoked invasion - his ruthless, systematic rape of a peaceful neighbor - violated everything the mmunity of nations holds dear. The world has said this aggression would not stand, and it will not stand. Together, we have resisted the trap of appeasement, cynicism, and isolation that gives temptation to tyrants. The world has answered Saddam's invasion with United Nations resolutions, starting with a demand for Iraq's immediate and unnditional withdrawal, and backed up by forces from untries of ntinents. With few exceptions, the world now stands as one. The end of the ld war has been a victory for all humanity. A year and a half ago, in Germany, I said that our goal was a Europe whole and free. Tonight, Germany is united. Europe has beme whole and free, and America's leadership was instrumental in making it possible. Our relationship to the Soviet Union is important, not only to us but to the world. That relationship has helped to shape these and other historic changes. But like many other nations, we have been deeply ncerned by the violence in the Baltics, and we have mmunicated that ncern to the Soviet leadership. The principle that has guided us is simple: Our objective is to help the Baltic peoples achieve their aspirations, not to punish the Soviet Union. In our recent discussions with the Soviet leadership we have been given representations which, if fulfilled, would result in the withdrawal of some Soviet forces, a reopening of dialog with the Republics, and a move away from violence. We will watch carefully as the situation develops. And we will maintain our ntact with the Soviet leadership to enurage ntinued mmitment to democratization and reform. If it is possible, I want to ntinue to build a lasting basis for U.S.-Soviet operation - for a more peaceful future for all mankind. The triumph of democratic ideas in Eastern Europe and Latin America and the ntinuing struggle for freedom elsewhere all around the world all nfirm the wisdom of our nation's founders. Tonight, we work to achieve another victory, a victory over tyranny and savage aggression. We in this Union enter the last decade of the th century thankful for our blessings, steadfast in our purpose, aware of our difficulties, and responsive to our duties at home and around the world. For two centuries, America has served the world as an inspiring example of freedom and democracy. For generations, America has led the struggle to preserve and extend the blessings of liberty. And today, in a rapidly changing world, American leadership is indispensable. Americans know that leadership brings burdens and sacrifices. But we also know why the hopes of humanity turn to us. We are Americans; we have a unique responsibility to do the hard work of freedom. And when we do, freedom works. The nviction and urage we see in the Persian Gulf today is simply the American character in action. The indomitable spirit that is ntributing to this victory for world peace and justice is the same spirit that gives us the power and the potential to meet our toughest challenges at home. We are resolute and resourceful. If we can selflessly nfront the evil for the sake of good in a land so far away, then surely we can make this land all that it should be. If anyone tells you that America's best days are behind her, they're looking the wrong way. Tonight I me before this House and the American people with an appeal for renewal. This is not merely a call for new government initiatives; it is a call for new initiatives in government, in our mmunities, and from every American to prepare for the next American century. America has always led by example. So, who among us will set the example? Which of our citizens will lead us in this next American century? Everyone who steps forward today - to get one addict off drugs, to nvince one troubled teenager not to give up on life, to mfort one AIDS patient, to help one hungry child. We have within our reach the promise of a renewed America. We can find meaning and reward by serving some higher purpose than ourselves, a shining purpose, the illumination of a Thousand Points of Light. And it is expressed by all who know the irresistible force of a child's hand, of a friend who stands by you and stays there, a volunteer's generous gesture, an idea that is simply right. The problems before us may be different, but the key to solving them remains the same. It is the individual - the individual who steps forward. And the state of our Union is the union of each of us, one to the other - the sum of our friendships, marriages, families, and mmunities. We all have something to give. So, if you know how to read, find someone who can't. If you've got a hammer, find a nail. If you're not hungry, not lonely, not in trouble, seek out someone who is. Join the mmunity of nscience. Do the hard work of freedom. And that will define the state of our Union. Since the birth of our nation, We the People" has been the source of our strength. What government can do alone is limited, but the potential of the American people knows no limits. We are a nation of rock-solid realism and clear-eyed idealism. We are Americans. We are the Nation that believes in the future. We are the Nation that can shape the future. And we've begun to do just that, by strengthening the power and choice of individuals and families. Together, these last years, we've put dollars for child care directly in the hands of parents instead of bureaucracies; unshackled the potential of Americans with disabilities; applied the creativity of the marketplace in the service of the environment, for clean air; and made home ownership possible for more Americans. The strength of a democracy is not in bureaucracy. It is in the people and their mmunities. In everything we do, let us unleash the potential of our most precious resource - our citizens, our citizens themselves. We must return to families, mmunities, unties, cities, States, and institutions of every kind the power to chart their own destiny and the freedom and opportunity provided by strong enomic growth. And that's what America is all about. I know that tonight, in some regions of our untry, people are in genuine enomic distress. And I hear them. Earlier this month, Kathy Blackwell, of Massachusetts, wrote me about what can happen when the enomy slows down, saying, My heart is aching, and I think that you should know your people out here are hurting badly." I understand, and I'm not unrealistic about the future. But there are reasons to be optimistic about our enomy. First, we don't have to fight double-digit inflation. Send, most industries won't have to make big cuts in production because they don't have big inventories piled up. And third, our exports are running solid and strong. In fact, American businesses are exporting at a rerd rate. So, let's put these times in perspective. Together, since , we've created almost million jobs, cut inflation in half, and cut interest rates in half. And yes, the largest peacetime enomic expansion in history has been temporarily interrupted. But our enomy is still over twice as large as our closest mpetitor. We will get this recession behind us and return to growth soon. We will get on our way to a new rerd of expansion and achieve the mpetitive strength that will carry us into the next American century. We should focus our efforts today on enuraging enomic growth, investing in the future, and giving power and opportunity to the individual. We must begin with ntrol of Federal spending. That's why I'm submitting a budget that holds the growth in spending to less than the rate of inflation. And that's why, amid all the sound and fury of last year's budget debate, we put into law new, enforceable spending caps, so that future spending debates will mean a battle of ideas, not a bidding war. Though ntroversial, the budget agreement finally put the Federal Government on a pay-as-you-go plan and cut the growth of debt by nearly billion. And that frees funds for saving and job-creating investment. Now, let's do more. My budget again includes tax-free family savings acunts; penalty-free withdrawals from IRA's for first-time home buyers; and to increase jobs and growth, a reduced tax for long-term capital gains. I know there are differences among us - laughter] - about the impact and the effects of a capital gains incentive. So tonight, I'm asking the ngressional leaders and the Federal Reserve to operate with us in a study, led by Chairman Alan Greenspan, to sort out our technical differences so that we can avoid a return to unproductive partisan bickering. But just as our efforts will bring enomic growth now and in the future, they must also be matched by long-term investments for the next American century. That requires a forward-looking plan of action, and that's exactly what we will be sending to the Congress. We've prepared a detailed series of proposals that include: a budget that promotes investment in America's future - in children, education, infrastructure, space, and high technology; legislation to achieve excellence in education, building on the partnership forged with the Governors at the education summit, enabling parents to choose their children's schools and helping to make America number one in math and science; a blueprint for a new national highway system, a critical investment in our transportation infrastructure; a research and development agenda that includes rerd levels of Federal investment, and a permanent tax credit to strengthen private R&D and to create jobs; a mprehensive national energy strategy that calls for energy nservation and efficiency, increased development, and greater use of alternative fuels; a banking reform plan to bring America's financial system into the st century so that our banks remain safe and secure and can ntinue to make job-creating loans for our factories, our businesses, and home buyers. You know, I do think there has been too much pessimism. Sound banks should be making sound loans now, and interest rates should be lower, now. In addition to these proposals, we must regnize that our enomic strength depends on being mpetitive in world markets. We must ntinue to expand American exports. A successful Uruguay round of world trade negotiations will create more real jobs and more real growth for all nations. You and I know that if the playing field is level, America's workers and farmers can out-work, out-produce anyone, anytime, anywhere. And with a Mexican free trade agreement and our Enterprise for the Americas Initiative, we can help our partners strengthen their enomies and move toward a free trade zone throughout this entire hemisphere. The budget also includes a plan of action right here at home to put more power and opportunity in the hands of the individual. And that means new incentives to create jobs in our inner cities by enuraging investment through enterprise zones. It also means tenant ntrol and ownership of public housing. Freedom and the power to choose should not be the privilege of wealth. They are the birthright of every American. Civil rights are also crucial to protecting equal opportunity. Every one of us has a responsibility to speak out against racism, bigotry, and hate. We will ntinue our vigorous enforcement of existing statutes, and I will once again press the Congress to strengthen the laws against employment discrimination without resorting to the use of unfair preferences. We're determined to protect another fundamental civil right: freedom from crime and the fear that stalks our cities. The Attorney General will soon nvene a crime summit of our nation's law enforcement officials. And to help us support them, we need tough crime ntrol legislation, and we need it now. And as we fight crime, we will fully implement our national strategy for mbating drug abuse. Recent data show that we are making progress, but much remains to be done. We will not rest until the day of the dealer is over, forever. Good health care is every American's right and every American's responsibility. And so, we are proposing an aggressive program of new prevention initiatives - for infants, for children, for adults, and for the elderly - to promote a healthier America and to help keep sts from spiraling. It's time to give people more choice in government by reviving the ideal of the citizen politician who mes not to stay but to serve. And one of the reasons that there is so much support across this untry for term limitations is that the American people are increasingly ncerned about big-money influence in politics. So, we must look beyond the next election to the next generation. And the time has me to put the national interest above the special interest and to totally eliminate political action mmittees. And that would truly put more mpetition in elections and more power in the hands of individuals. And where power cannot be put directly in the hands of the individual, it should be moved closer to the people, away from Washington. The Federal Government too often treats government programs as if they are of Washington, by Washington, and for Washington. Once established, Federal programs seem to beme immortal. It's time for a more dynamic program life cycle. Some programs should increase. Some should decrease. Some should be terminated. And some should be nsolidated and turned over to the States. My budget includes a list of programs for potential turnover totaling more than billion. Working with Congress and the Governors, I propose we select at least billion in such programs and turn them over to the States in a single nsolidated grant, fully funded, for flexible management by the States. The value, the value of this turnover approach is straightforward. It allows the Federal Government to reduce overhead. It allows States to manage more flexibly and more efficiently. It moves power and decisionmaking closer to the people. And it reinforces a theme of this administration: appreciation and enuragement of the innovative powers of States as laboratories. This nation was founded by leaders who understood that power belongs in the hands of people. And they planned for the future. And so must we, here and all around the world. As Americans, we know that there are times when we must step forward and accept our responsibility to lead the world away from the dark chaos of dictators, toward the brighter promise of a better day. Almost years ago we began a long struggle against aggressive totalitarianism. Now we face another defining hour for America and the world. There is no one more devoted, more mmitted to the hard work of freedom than every soldier and sailor, every marine, airman, and astguardsman, every man and woman now serving in the Persian Gulf. Oh, how they deserve - applause] - and what a fitting tribute to them. You see - what a wonderful, fitting tribute to them. Each of them has volunteered, volunteered to provide for this nation's defense, and now they bravely struggle to earn for America, for the world, and for future generations a just and lasting peace. Our mmitment to them must be equal to their mmitment to their untry. They are truly America's finest. The war in the Gulf is not a war we wanted. We worked hard to avoid war. For more than months we - along with the Arab League, the European Community, the United Nations - tried every diplomatic avenue. U.N. Secretary-General Perez de Cuellar; Presidents Gorbachev, Mitterrand, Ozal, Mubarak, and Bendjedid; Kings Fahd and Hassan; Prime Ministers Major and Andreotti - just to name a few - all worked for a solution. But time and again, Saddam Hussein flatly rejected the path of diplomacy and peace. The world well knows how this nflict began and when: It began on August d, when Saddam invaded and sacked a small, defenseless neighbor. And I am certain of how it will end. So that peace can prevail, we will prevail. Applause] Thank you. Tonight I am pleased to report that we are on urse. Iraq's capacity to sustain war is being destroyed. Our investment, our training, our planning - all are paying off. Time will not be Saddam's salvation. Our purpose in the Persian Gulf remains nstant: to drive Iraq out of Kuwait, to restore Kuwait's legitimate government, and to ensure the stability and security of this critical region. Let me make clear what I mean by the region's stability and security. We do not seek the destruction of Iraq, its culture, or its people. Rather, we seek an Iraq that uses its great resources not to destroy, not to serve the ambitions of a tyrant, but to build a better life for itself and its neighbors. We seek a Persian Gulf where nflict is no longer the rule, where the strong are neither tempted nor able to intimidate the weak. Most Americans know instinctively why we are in the Gulf. They know we had to stop Saddam now, not later. They know that this brutal dictator will do anything, will use any weapon, will mmit any outrage, no matter how many innocents suffer. They know we must make sure that ntrol of the world's oil resources does not fall into his hands, only to finance further aggression. They know that we need to build a new, enduring peace, based not on arms races and nfrontation but on shared principles and the rule of law. And we all realize that our responsibility to be the catalyst for peace in the region does not end with the successful nclusion of this war. Democracy brings the undeniable value of thoughtful dissent, and we've heard some dissenting voices here at home - some, a handful, reckless; most responsible. But the fact that all voices have the right to speak out is one of the reasons we've been united in purpose and principle for years. Our progress in this great struggle is the result of years of vigilance and a steadfast mmitment to a strong defense. Now, with remarkable technological advances like the Patriot missile, we can defend against ballistic missile attacks aimed at innocent civilians. Looking forward, I have directed that the SDI program be refocused on providing protection from limited ballistic missile strikes, whatever their source. Let us pursue an SDI program that can deal with any future threat to the United States, to our forces overseas, and to our friends and allies. The quality of American technology, thanks to the American worker, has enabled us to successfully deal with difficult military nditions and help minimize precious loss of life. We have given our men and women the very best. And they deserve it. We all have a special place in our hearts for the families of our men and women serving in the Gulf. They are represented here tonight by Mrs. Norman Schwarzkopf. We are all very grateful to General Schwarzkopf and to all those serving with him. And I might also regnize one who came with Mrs. Schwarzkopf: Alma Powell, the wife of the distinguished Chairman of the Joint Chiefs. And to the families, let me say our forces in the Gulf will not stay there one day longer than is necessary to mplete their mission. The urage and success of the RAF pilots, of the Kuwaiti, Saudi, French, the Canadians, the Italians, the pilots of Qatar and Bahrain - all are proof that for the first time since World War II, the international mmunity is united. The leadership of the United Nations, once only a hoped-for ideal, is now nfirming its founders' vision. I am heartened that we are not being asked to bear alone the financial burdens of this struggle. Last year, our friends and allies provided the bulk of the enomic sts of Desert Shield. And now, having received mmitments of over billion for the first months of , I am nfident they will do no less as we move through Desert Storm. But the world has to wonder what the dictator of Iraq is thinking. If he thinks that by targeting innocent civilians in Israel and Saudi Arabia, that he will gain advantage, he is dead wrong. If he thinks that he will advance his cause through tragic and despicable environmental terrorism, he is dead wrong. And if he thinks that by abusing the alition prisoners of war he will benefit, he is dead wrong. We will succeed in the Gulf. And when we do, the world mmunity will have sent an enduring warning to any dictator or despot, present or future, who ntemplates outlaw aggression. The world can, therefore, seize this opportunity to fulfill the long-held promise of a new world order, where brutality will go unrewarded and aggression will meet llective resistance. Yes, the United States bears a major share of leadership in this effort. Among the nations of the world, only the United States of America has both the moral standing and the means to back it up. We're the only nation on this Earth that uld assemble the forces of peace. This is the burden of leadership and the strength that has made America the bean of freedom in a searching world. This nation has never found glory in war. Our people have never wanted to abandon the blessings of home and work for distant lands and deadly nflict. If we fight in anger, it is only because we have to fight at all. And all of us yearn for a world where we will never have to fight again. Each of us will measure within ourselves the value of this great struggle. Any st in lives - any st - is beyond our power to measure. But the st of closing our eyes to aggression is beyond mankind's power to imagine. This we do know: Our cause is just; our cause is moral; our cause is right. Let future generations understand the burden and the blessings of freedom. Let them say we stood where duty required us to stand. Let them know that, together, we affirmed America and the world as a mmunity of nscience. The winds of change are with us now. The forces of freedom are together, united. We move toward the next century more nfident than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done - the hard work of freedom. May God bless the United States of America. Thank you very, very much. I return as a former President of the Senate and a former Member of this great House. And now, as President, it is my privilege to report to you on the state of the Union. Tonight I me not to speak about the state of the Government, not to detail every new initiative we plan for the ming year nor to describe every line in the budget. I'm here to speak to you and to the American people about the state of the Union, about our world - the changes we've seen, the challenges we face - and what that means for America. There are singular moments in history, dates that divide all that goes before from all that mes after. And many of us in this Chamber have lived much of our lives in a world whose fundamental features were defined in ; and the events of that year decreed the shape of nations, the pace of progress, freedom or oppression for millions of people around the world. Nineteen forty-five provided the mmon frame of reference, the mpass points of the postwar era we've relied upon to understand ourselves. And that was our world, until now. The events of the year just ended, the Revolution of , have been a chain reaction, changes so striking that it marks the beginning of a new era in the world's affairs. Think back - think back just short months ago to the world we knew as began. One year - one year ago, the people of Panama lived in fear, under the thumb of a dictator. Today democracy is restored; Panama is free. Operation Just Cause has achieved its objective. The number of military personnel in Panama is now very close to what it was before the operation began. And tonight I am announcing that well before the end of February, the additional numbers of American troops, the brave men and women of our Armed Forces who made this mission a success, will be back home. A year ago in Poland, Lech Walesa declared that he was ready to open a dialog with the Communist rulers of that untry; and today, with the future of a free Poland in their own hands, members of Solidarity lead the Polish Government. A year ago, freedom's playwright, Vaclav Havel, languished as a prisoner in Prague. And today it's Vaclav Havel, President of Czechoslovakia. And year ago, Erich Honecker of East Germany claimed history as his guide, and he predicted the Berlin Wall would last another hundred years. And today, less than year later, it's the Wall that's history. Remarkable events - events that fulfill the long-held hopes of the American people; events that validate the longstanding goals of American policy, a policy based on a single, shining principle: the cause of freedom. America, not just the nation but an idea, alive in the minds of people everywhere. As this new world takes shape, America stands at the center of a widening circle of freedom - today, tomorrow, and into the next century. Our nation is the enduring dream of every immigrant who ever set foot on these shores, and the millions still struggling to be free. This nation, this idea called America, was and always will be a new world - our new world. At a workers' rally, in a place called Branik on the outskirts of Prague, the idea called America is alive. A worker, dressed in grimy overalls, rises to speak at the factory gates. He begins his speech to his fellow citizens with these words, words of a distant revolution: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, and that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness." It's no secret that here at home freedom's door opened long ago. The rnerstones of this free society have already been set in place: democracy, mpetition, opportunity, private investment, stewardship, and of urse leadership. And our challenge today is to take this democratic system of ours, a system send to none, and make it better: a better America, where there's a job for everyone who wants one; where women working outside the home can be nfident their children are in safe and loving care and where government works to expand child-care alternatives for parents; where we rencile the needs of a clean environment and a strong enomy; where Made in the USA" is regnized around the world as the symbol of quality and progress; where every one of us enjoys the same opportunities to live, to work, and to ntribute to society and where, for the first time, the American mainstream includes all of our disabled citizens; where everyone has a roof over his head and where the homeless get the help they need to live in dignity; where our schools challenge and support our kids and our teachers and where all of them make the grade; where every street, every city, every school, and every child is drug-free; and finally, where no American is forgotten - our hearts go out to our hostages who are ceaselessly on our minds and in our efforts. That's part of the future we want to see, the future we can make for ourselves, but dreams alone won't get us there. We need to extend our horizon, mmit to the long view. And our mission for the future starts today. In the tough mpetitive markets around the world, America faces the great challenges and great opportunities. And we know that we can succeed in the global enomic arena of the nineties, but to meet that challenge, we must make some fundamental changes - some crucial investment in ourselves. Yes, we are going to invest in America. This administration is determined to enurage the creation of capital, capital of all kinds: physical capital - everything from our farms and factories to our workshops and production lines, all that is needed to produce and deliver quality goods and quality services; intellectual capital - the source of ideas that spark tomorrow's products; and of urse our human capital - the talented work force that we'll need to mpete in the global market. Let me tell you, if we ignore human capital, if we lose the spirit of American ingenuity, the spirit that is the hallmark of the American worker, that would be bad. The American worker is the most productive worker in the world. We need to save more. We need to expand the pool of capital for new investments that need more jobs and more growth. And that's the idea behind a new initiative I call the Family Savings Plan, which I will send to Congress tomorrow. We need to cut the tax on capital gains, enurage risktakers, especially those in our small businesses, to take those steps that translate into enomic reward, jobs, and a better life for all of us. We'll do what it takes to invest in America's future. The budget mmitment is there. The money is there. It's there for research and development, R&D - a rerd high. It's there for our housing initiative - HOPE - to help everyone from first-time homebuyers to the homeless. The money's there to keep our kids drug-free - percent more than when I took office in . It's there for space exploration. And it's there for education - another rerd high. And one more thing: Last fall at the education summit, the Governors and I agreed to look for ways to help make sure that our kids are ready to learn the very first day they walk into the classroom. And I've made good on that mmitment by proposing a rerd increase in funds - an extra half-a-billion dollars - for something near and dear to all of us: Head Start. Education is the one investment that means more for our future because it means the most for our children. Real improvement in our schools is not simply a matter of spending more: It's a matter of asking more - expecting more - of our schools, our teachers, of our kids, of our parents, and ourselves. And that's why tonight I am announcing America's education goals, goals developed with enormous operation from the Nation's Governors. And if I might, I'd like to say I'm very pleased that Governor Gardner Washington] and Governor Clinton Arkansas Governor Branstad Iowa Governor Campbell South Carolina all of whom were very key in these discussions, these deliberations, are with us here tonight. By the year , every child must start school ready to learn. The United States must increase the high school graduation rate to no less than percent. And we are going to make sure our schools' diplomas mean something. In critical subjects - at the th, th, and th grades - we must assess our students' performance. By the year , U.S. students must be first in the world in math and science achievement. Every American adult must be a skilled, literate worker and citizen. Every school must offer the kind of disciplined environment that makes it possible for our kids to learn. And every school in America must be drug-free. Ambitious aims? Of urse. Easy to do? Far from it. But the future's at stake. The Nation will not accept anything less than excellence in education. These investments will keep America mpetitive. And I know this about the American people: We welme mpetition. We'll match our ingenuity, our energy, our experience and technology, our spirit and enterprise against anyone. But let the mpetition be free, but let it also be fair. America is ready. Since we really mean it and since we're serious about being ready to meet that challenge, we're getting our own house in order. We have made real progress. Seven years ago, the Federal deficit was percent of our gross national product - percent. In the new budget I sent up days ago, the deficit is down to percent of gross national product. That budget brings Federal spending under ntrol. It meets the Gramm-Rudman target. It brings that deficit down further and balances the budget by with no new taxes. And let me tell you, there's still more than enough Federal spending. For most of us, . trillion is still a lot of money. And once the budget is balanced, we can operate the way every family must when it has bills to pay. We won't leave it to our children and our grandchildren. Once it's balanced, we will start paying off the national debt. And there's something more we owe the generations of the future: stewardship, the safekeeping of America's precious environmental inheritance. It's just one sign of how serious we are. We will elevate the Environmental Protection Agency to Cabinet rank - not more bureaucracy, not more red-tape, but the certainty that here at home, and especially in our dealings with other nations, environmental issues have the status they deserve. This year's budget provides over billion in new spending to protect our environment, with over billion for global change research, and a new initiative I call America the Beautiful to expand our national parks and wildlife preserves that improve recreational facilities on public lands, and something else, something that will help keep this untry clean from our forestland to the inner cities and keep America beautiful for generations to me: the money to plant a billion trees a year. And tonight let me say again to all the Members of the Congress: The American people did not send us here to bicker. There is work to do, and they sent us here to get it done. And once again, in the spirit of operation, I offer my hand to all of you. Let's work together to do the will of the people: clean air, child care, the Educational Excellence Act, crime, and drugs. It's time to act. The farm bill, transportation policy, product-liability reform, enterprise zones - it's time to act together. And there's one thing I hope we will be able to agree on. It's about our mmitments. I'm talking about Social Security. To every American out there on Social Security, to every American supporting that system today, and to everyone unting on it when they retire, we made a promise to you, and we are going to keep it. We rescued the system in , and it's sound again - bipartisan arrangement. Our budget fully funds today's benefits, and it assures that future benefits will be funded as well. The last thing we need to do is mess around with Social Security. There's one more problem we need to address. We must give careful nsideration to the remmendations of the health-care studies underway now. That's why tonight I'm asking Dr. Sullivan, Lou Sullivan, Secretary of Health and Human Services, to lead a Domestic Policy Council review of remmendations on the quality, accessibility, and st of our nation's health-care system. I am mmitted to bring the staggering sts of health care under ntrol. The state of the Government does indeed depend on many of us in this very chamber. But the state of the Union depends on all Americans. We must maintain the democratic decency that makes a nation out of millions of individuals. I've been appalled at the recent mail bombings across this untry. Every one of us must nfront and ndemn racism, anti-Semitism, bigotry, and hate, not next week, not tomorrow, but right now - every single one of us. The state of the Union depends on whether we help our neighbor - claim the problems of our mmunity as our own. We've got to step forward when there's trouble, lend a hand, be what I call a point of light to a stranger in need. We've got to take the time after a busy day to sit down and read with our kids, help them with their homework, pass along the values we learned as children. That's how we sustain the state of the Union. Every effort is important. It all adds up. It's doing the things that give democracy meaning. It all adds up to who we are and who we will be. Let me say that so long as we remember the American idea, so long as we live up to the American ideal, the state of the Union will remain sound and strong. And to those who worry that we've lost our way - well, I want you to listen to parts of a letter written by Private First Class James Markwell, a -year-old Army medic of the st Battalion, th Rangers. It's dated December th, the night before our armed forces went into action in Panama. It's a letter servicemen write and hope will never be sent. And sadly, Private Markwell's mother did receive this letter. She passed it along to me out there in Cincinnati. And here is some of what he wrote: I've never been afraid of death, but I know he is waiting at the rner. I've been trained to kill and to save, and so has everyone else. I am frightened what lays beyond the fog, and yet do not mourn for me. Revel in the life that I have died to give you. But most of all, don't forget the Army was my choice. Something that I wanted to do. Remember I joined the Army to serve my untry and ensure that you are free to do what you want and live your lives freely." Let me add that Private Markwell was among the first to see battle in Panama, and one of the first to fall. But he knew what he believed in. He carried the idea we call America in his heart. I began tonight speaking about the changes we've seen this past year. There is a new world of challenges and opportunities before us, and there's a need for leadership that only America can provide. Nearly years ago, in his last address to the Congress, President Harry Truman predicted such a time would me. He said: As our world grows stronger, more united, more attractive to men on both sides of the Iron Curtain, then inevitably there will me a time of change within the Communist world." Today, that change is taking place. For more than years, America and its allies held mmunism in check and ensured that democracy would ntinue to exist. And today, with mmunism crumbling, our aim must be to ensure democracy's advance, to take the lead in forging peace and freedom's best hope: a great and growing mmonwealth of free nations. And to the Congress and to all Americans, I say it is time to acclaim a new nsensus at home and abroad, a mmon vision of the peaceful world we want to see. Here in our own hemisphere, it is time for all the peoples of the Americas, North and South, to live in freedom. In the Far East and Africa, it's time for the full flowering of free governments and free markets that have served as the engine of progress. It's time to offer our hand to the emerging democracies of Eastern Europe so that ntinent - for too long a ntinent divided - can see a future whole and free. It's time to build on our new relationship with the Soviet Union, to endorse and enurage a peaceful process of internal change toward democracy and enomic opportunity. We are in a period of great transition, great hope, and yet great uncertainty. We regnize that the Soviet military threat in Europe is diminishing, but we see little change in Soviet strategic modernization. Therefore, we must sustain our own strategic offense modernization and the Strategic Defense Initiative. But the time is right to move forward on a nventional arms ntrol agreement to move us to more appropriate levels of military forces in Europe, a herent defense program that ensures the U.S. will ntinue to be a catalyst for peaceful change in Europe. And I've nsulted with leaders of NATO. In fact, I spoke by phone with President Gorbachev just today. I agree with our European allies that an American military presence in Europe is essential and that it should not be tied solely to the Soviet military presence in Eastern Europe. But our troop levels can still be lower. And so, tonight I am announcing a major new step for a further reduction in U.S. and Soviet manpower in Central and Eastern Europe to , on each side. This level reflects the advice of our senior military advisers. It's designed to protect American and European interests and sustain NATO's defense strategy. A swift nclusion to our arms ntrol talks - nventional, chemical, and strategic - must now be our goal. And that time has me. Still, we must regnize an unfortunate fact: In many regions of the world tonight, the reality is nflict, not peace. Enduring animosities and opposing interests remain. And thus, the cause of peace must be served by an America strong enough and sure enough to defend our interests and our ideals. It's this American idea that for the past four decades helped inspire this Revolution of . Here at home and in the world, there's history in the making, history to be made. Six months ago, early in this season of change, I stood at the gates of the Gdansk shipyard in Poland at the monument to the fallen workers of Solidarity. It's a monument of simple majesty. Three tall crosses rise up from the stones, and atop each cross, an anchor - an ancient symbol of hope. The anchor in our world today is freedom, holding us steady in times of change, a symbol of hope to all the world. And freedom is at the very heart of the idea that is America. Giving life to that idea depends on every one of us. Our anchor has always been faith and family. In the last few days of this past momentous year, our family was blessed once more, celebrating the joy of life when a little boy became our th grandchild. When I held the little guy for the first time, the troubles at home and abroad seemed manageable and totally in perspective. Now, I know you're probably thinking, well, that's just a grandfather talking. Well, maybe you're right. But I've met a lot of children this past year across this untry, as all of you have, everywhere from the Far East to Eastern Europe. And all kids are unique, and yet all kids are alike - the budding young environmentalists I met this month who joined me in exploring the Florida Everglades; the little leaguers I played catch with in Poland, ready to go from Warsaw to the World Series; and even the kids who are ill or alone - and God bless those boarder babies, born addicted to drugs and AIDS and ping with problems no child should have to face. But you know, when it mes to hope and the future, every kid is the same - full of dreams, ready to take on the world - all special, because they are the very future of freedom. And to them belongs this new world I've been speaking about. And so, tonight I'm going to ask something of every one of you. Now, let me start with my generation, with the grandparents out there. You are our living link to the past. Tell your grandchildren the story of struggles waged at home and abroad, of sacrifices freely made for freedom's sake. And tell them your own story as well, because every American has a story to tell. And, parents, your children look to you for direction and guidance. Tell them of faith and family. Tell them we are one nation under God. Teach them that of all the many gifts they can receive liberty is their most precious legacy, and of all the gifts they can give the greatest is helping others. And to the children and young people out there tonight: With you rests our hope, all that America will mean in the years and decades ahead. Fix your vision on a new century - your century, on dreams we cannot see, on the destiny that is yours and yours alone. And finally, let all Americans - all of us together here in this Chamber, the symbolic center of democracy - affirm our allegiance to this idea we call America. And let us remember that the state of the Union depends on each and every one of us. God bless all of you, and may God bless this great nation, the United States of America. History rerds the power of the ideas that brought us here those years ago-ideas like the individual's right to reach as far and as high as his or her talents will permit; the free market as an engine of enomic progress. And as an ancient Chinese philosopher, Lao-tzu, said: Govern a great nation as you would ok a small fish; do not overdo it." Laughter] Well, these ideas were part of a larger notion, a vision, if you will, of America herself—an America not only rich in opportunity for the individual but an America, too, of strong families and vibrant neighborhoods; an America whose divergent but harmonizing mmunities were a reflection of a deeper mmunity of values: the value of work, of family, of religion, and of the love of freedom that God places in each of us and whose defense He has entrusted in a special way to this nation. All of this was made possible by an idea I spoke of when Mr. Gorbachev was here-the belief that the most exciting revolution ever known to humankind began with three simple words: We the People," the revolutionary notion that the people grant government its rights, and not the other way around. And there's one lesson that has me home powerfully to me, which I would offer to you now. Just as those who created this Republic pledged to each other their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, so, too, America's leaders today must pledge to each other that we will keep foremost in our hearts and minds not what is best for ourselves or for our party but what is best for America. In the spirit of Jefferson, let us affirm that in this Chamber tonight there are no Republicans, no Democrats—just Americans. Yes, we will have our differences, but let us always remember what unites us far outweighs whatever divides us. Those who sent us here to serve them—the millions of Americans watching and listening tonight-expect this of us. Let's prove to them and to ourselves that democracy works even in an election year. We've done this before. And as we have worked together to bring down spending, tax rates, and inflation, employment has climbed to rerd heights; America has created more jobs and better, higher paying jobs; family inme has risen for straight years, and America's poor climbed out of poverty at the fastest rate in more than years. Our rerd is not just the longest peacetime expansion in history but an enomic and social revolution of hope based on work, incentives, growth, and opportunity; a revolution of mpassion that led to private sector initiatives and a -percent increase in charitable giving; a revolution that at a critical moment in world history reclaimed and restored the American dream. In international relations, too, there's only one description for what, together, we have achieved: a mplete turnabout, a revolution. Seven years ago, America was weak, and freedom everywhere was under siege. Today America is strong, and democracy is everywhere on the move. From Central America to East Asia, ideas like free markets and democratic reforms and human rights are taking hold. We've replaced Blame America" with Look up to America." We've rebuilt our defenses. And of all our acmplishments, none can give us more satisfaction than knowing that our young people are again proud to wear our untry's uniform. And in a few moments, I'm going to talk about three developments—arms reduction, the Strategic Defense Initiative, and the global democratic revolution—that, when taken together, offer a chance none of us would have dared imagine years ago, a chance to rid the world of the two great nightmares of the postwar era. I speak of the startling hope of giving our children a future free of both totalitarianism and nuclear terror. Tonight, then, we're strong, prosperous, at peace, and we are free. This is the state of our Union. And if we will work together this year, I believe we can give a future President and a future Congress the chance to make that prosperity, that peace, that freedom not just the state of our Union but the state of our world. Toward this end, we have four basic objectives tonight. First, steps we can take this year to keep our enomy strong and growing, to give our children a future of low inflation and full employment. Send, let's check our progress in attacking social problems, where important gains have been made, but which still need critical attention. I mean schools that work, enomic independence for the poor, restoring respect for family life and family values. Our third objective tonight is global: ntinuing the exciting enomic and democratic revolutions we've seen around the world. Fourth and finally, our nation has remained at peace for nearly a decade and a half, as we move toward our goals of world prosperity and world freedom. We must protect that peace and deter war by making sure the next President inherits what you and I have a moral obligation to give that President: a national security that is unassailable and a national defense that takes full advantage of new technology and is fully funded. This is a full agenda. It's meant to be. You see, my thinking on the next year is quite simple: Let's make this the best of . And that means it's all out—right to the finish line. I don't buy the idea that this is the last year of anything, because we're not talking here tonight about registering temporary gains but ways of making permanent our successes. And that's why our focus is the values, the principles, and ideas that made America great. Let's be clear on this point. We're for limited government, because we understand, as the Founding Fathers did, that it is the best way of ensuring personal liberty and empowering the individual so that every American of every race and region shares fully in the flowering of American prosperity and freedom. One other thing we Americans like—the future—like the sound of it, the idea of it, the hope of it. Where others fear trade and enomic growth, we see opportunities for creating new wealth and undreamed-of opportunities for millions in our own land and beyond. Where others seek to throw up barriers, we seek to bring them down. Where others take unsel of their fears, we follow our hopes. Yes, we Americans like the future and like making the most of it. Let's do that now. And let's begin by discussing how to maintain enomic growth by ntrolling and eventually eliminating the problem of Federal deficits. We have had a balanced budget only eight times in the last years. For the first time in years, the Federal Government spent less in real terms last year than the year before. We took billion off last year's deficit mpared to the year before. The deficit itself has moved from . percent of the gross national product to only . percent. And perhaps the most important sign of progress has been the change in our view of deficits. You know, a few of us can remember when, not too many years ago, those who created the deficits said they would make us prosperous and not to worry about the debt, because we owe it to ourselves. Well, at last there is agreement that we can't spend ourselves rich. Our recent budget agreement, designed to reduce Federal deficits by billion over the next years, builds on this nsensus. But this agreement must be adhered to without slipping into the errors of the past: more broken promises and more unchecked spending. As I indicated in my first State of the Union, what ails us can be simply put: The Federal Government is too big, and it spends too much money. I can assure you, the bipartisan leadership of Congress, of my help in fighting off any attempt to bust our budget agreement. And this includes the swift and certain use of the veto power. Now, it's also time for some plain talk about the most immediate obstacle to ntrolling Federal deficits. The simple but frustrating problem of making expenses match revenues—something American families do and the Federal Government can't—has caused crisis after crisis in this city. Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, I will say to you tonight what I have said before and will ntinue to say: The budget process has broken down; it needs a drastic overhaul. With each ensuing year, the spectacle before the American people is the same as it was this Christmas: budget deadlines delayed or missed mpletely, monstrous ntinuing resolutions that pack hundreds of billions of dollars worth of spending into one bill, and a Federal Government on the brink of default. I know I'm echoing what you here in the Congress have said, because you suffered so directly. But let's recall that in years, of appropriations bills scheduled to arrive on my desk by a certain date, only made it on time. Last year, of the appropriations bills due by October st, none of them made it. Instead, we had four ntinuing resolutions lasting days, then days, and days, and days, respectively. And then, along came these behemoths. This is the nference report—, pages, report weighing pounds. Then this—a renciliation bill months late that was , pages long, weighing pounds. And the long-term ntinuing resolution—this one was months late, and it's , pages long, weighing pounds. That was a total of pounds of paper and ink. You had hours—yes, hours—to nsider each, and it took people at my Office of Management and Budget just to read the bill so the Government wouldn't shut down. Congress shouldn't send another one of these. No, and if you do, I will not sign it. Let's change all this. Instead of a Presidential budget that gets discarded and a ngressional budget resolution that is not enforced, why not a simple partnership, a joint agreement that sets out the spending priorities within the available revenues? And let's remember our deadline is October st, not Christmas. Let's get the people's work done in time to avoid a footrace with Santa Claus. Laughter] And, yes, this year—to in a phrase—a new beginning: individual bills, on time and fully reviewed by Congress. I'm also certain you join me in saying: Let's help ensure our future of prosperity by giving the President a tool that, though I will not get to use it, is one I know future Presidents of either party must have. Give the President the same authority that Governors use in their States: the right to reach into massive appropriation bills, pare away the waste, and enforce budget discipline. Let's approve the line-item veto. And let's take a partial step in this direction. Most of you in this Chamber didn't know what was in this catchall bill and report. Over the past few weeks, we've all learned what was tucked away behind a little mma here and there. For example, there's millions for items such as cranberry research, blueberry research, the study of crawfish, and the mmercialization of wildflowers. And that's not to mention the five or so million . million] that—so that people from developing nations uld me here to watch Congress at work. Laughter] I won't even touch that. Laughter] So, tonight I offer you this challenge. In days I will send back to you those items as rescissions, which if I had the authority to line them out I would do so. Now, review this multibillion-dollar package that will not undercut our bipartisan budget agreement. As a matter of fact, if adopted, it will improve our deficit reduction goals. And what an example we can set, that we're serious about getting our financial acunts in order. By acting and approving this plan, you have the opportunity to override a ngressional process that is out of ntrol. There is another vital reform. Yes, Gramm-Rudman-Hollings has been profoundly helpful, but let us take its goal of a balanced budget and make it permanent. Let us do now what so many States do to hold down spending and what State legislatures have asked us to do. Let us heed the wishes of an overwhelming plurality of Americans and pass a nstitutional amendment that mandates a balanced budget and forces the Federal Government to live within its means. Reform of the budget process—including the line-item veto and balanced budget amendment—will, together with real restraint on government spending, prevent the Federal budget from ever again ravaging the family budget. Let's ensure that the Federal Government never again legislates against the family and the home. Last September I signed an Executive order on the family requiring that every department and agency review its activities in light of seven standards designed to promote and not harm the family. But let us make certain that the family is always at the center of the public policy process not just in this administration but in all future administrations. It's time for Congress to nsider, at the beginning, a statement of the impact that legislation will have on the basic unit of American society, the family. And speaking of the family, let's turn to a matter on the mind of every American parent tonight: education. We all know the sorry story of the sixties and seventies-soaring spending, plummeting test sres-and that hopeful trend of the eighties, when we replaced an obsession with dollars with a mmitment to quality, and test sres started back up. There's a lesson here that we all should write on the blackboard a hundred times: In a child's education, money can never take the place of basics like discipline, hard work, and, yes, homework. As a nation we do, of urse, spend heavily on education—more than we spend on defense. Yet across our untry, Governors like New Jersey's Tom Kean are giving classroom demonstrations that how we spend is as important as how much we spend. Opening up the teaching profession to all qualified candidates, merit pay—so that good teachers get A's as well as apples—and stronger curriculum, as Secretary Bennett has proposed for high schools—these imaginative reforms are making mmon sense the most popular new kid in America's schools. How can we help? Well, we can talk about and push for these reforms. But the most important thing we can do is to reaffirm that ntrol of our schools belongs to the States, local mmunities and, most of all, to the parents and teachers. My friends, some years ago, the Federal Government declared war on poverty, and poverty won. Laughter] Today the Federal Government has major welfare programs and spends more than billion a year on them. What has all this money done? Well, too often it has only made poverty harder to escape. Federal welfare programs have created a massive social problem. With the best of intentions, government created a poverty trap that wreaks havoc on the very support system the poor need most to lift themselves out of poverty: the family. Dependency has beme the one enduring heirloom, passed from one generation to the next, of too many fragmented families. It is time—this may be the most radical thing I've said in years in this office—it's time for Washington to show a little humility. There are a thousand sparks of genius in States and a thousand mmunities around the Nation. It is time to nurture them and see which ones can catch fire and beme guiding lights. States have begun to show us the way. They've demonstrated that successful welfare programs can be built around more effective child support enforcement practices and innovative programs requiring welfare recipients to work or prepare for work. Let us give the States more flexibility and enurage more reforms. Let's start making our welfare system the first rung on America's ladder of opportunity, a boost up from dependency, not a graveyard but a birthplace of hope. And now let me turn to three other matters vital to family values and the quality of family life. The first is an untold American success story. Recently, we released our annual survey of what graduating high school seniors have to say about drugs. Cocaine use is declining, and marijuana use was the lowest since surveying began. We can be proud that our students are just saying no to drugs. But let us remember what this menace requires: mmitment from every part of America and every single American, a mmitment to a drugfree America. The war against drugs is a war of individual battles, a crusade with many heroes, including America's young people and also someone very special to me. She has helped so many of our young people to say no to drugs. Nancy, much credit belongs to you, and I want to express to you your husband's pride and your untry's thanks.'. Surprised you, didn't I? Laughter] Well, now we me to a family issue that we must have the urage to nfront. Tonight, I call America—a good nation, a moral people—to charitable but realistic nsideration of the terrible st of abortion on demand. To those who say this violates a woman's right to ntrol of her own body: Can they deny that now medical evidence nfirms the unborn child is a living human being entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness? Let us unite as a nation and protect the unborn with legislation that would stop all Federal funding for abortion and with a human life amendment making, of urse, an exception where the unborn child threatens the life of the mother. Our Judeo-Christian tradition regnizes the right of taking a life in self-defense. But with that one exception, let us look to those others in our land who cry out for children to adopt. I pledge to you tonight I will work to remove barriers to adoption and extend full sharing in family life to millions of Americans so that children who need homes can be welmed to families who want them and love them. And let me add here: So many of our greatest statesmen have reminded us that spiritual values alone are essential to our nation's health and vigor. The Congress opens its proceedings each day, as does the Supreme Court, with an acknowledgment of the Supreme Being. Yet we are denied the right to set aside in our schools a moment each day for those who wish to pray. I believe Congress should pass our school prayer amendment. Now, to make sure there is a full nine member Supreme Court to interpret the law, to protect the rights of all Americans, I urge the Senate to move quickly and decisively in nfirming Judge Anthony Kennedy to the highest Court in the land and to also nfirm nominees now waiting to fill vacancies in the Federal judiciary. Here then are our domestic priorities. Yet if the Congress and the administration work together, even greater opportunities lie ahead to expand a growing world enomy, to ntinue to reduce the threat of nuclear arms, and to extend the frontiers of freedom and the growth of democratic institutions. Our policies nsistently received the strongest support of the late Congressman Dan Daniel of Virginia. I'm sure all of you join me in expressing heartfelt ndolences on his passing. One of the greatest ntributions the United States can make to the world is to promote freedom as the key to enomic growth. A creative, mpetitive America is the answer to a changing world, not trade wars that would close doors, create greater barriers, and destroy millions of jobs. We should always remember: Protectionism is destructionism. America's jobs, America's growth, America's future depend on trade—trade that is free, open, and fair. This year, we have it within our power to take a major step toward a growing global enomy and an expanding cycle of prosperity that reaches to all the free nations of this Earth. I'm speaking of the historic free trade agreement negotiated between our untry and Canada. And I can also tell you that we're determined to expand this ncept, south as well as north. Next month I will be traveling to Mexi, where trade matters will be of foremost ncern. And over the next several months, our Congress and the Canadian Parliament can make the start of such a North American acrd a reality. Our goal must be a day when the free flow of trade, from the tip of Tierra del Fuego to the Arctic Circle, unites the people of the Western Hemisphere in a bond of mutually beneficial exchange, when all borders beme what the U.S.-Canadian border so long has been: a meeting place rather than a dividing line. This movement we see in so many places toward enomic freedom is indivisible from the worldwide movement toward political freedom and against totalitarian rule. This global democratic revolution has removed the specter, so frightening a decade ago, of democracy doomed to permanent minority status in the world. In South and Central America, only a third of the people enjoyed democratic rule in . Today over percent of Latin Americans live in nations mmitted to democratic principles. And the resurgence of democracy is owed to these urageous people on almost every ntinent who have struggled to take ntrol of their own destiny. In Nicaragua the struggle has extra meaning, because that nation is so near our own borders. The recent revelations of a former high-level Sandinista major, Roger Miranda, show us that, even as they talk peace, the Communist Sandinista government of Nicaragua has established plans for a large ,-man army. Yet even as these plans are made, the Sandinista regime knows the tide is turning, and the cause of Nicaraguan freedom is riding at its crest. Because of the freedom fighters, who are resisting Communist rule, the Sandinistas have been forced to extend some democratic rights, negotiate with church authorities, and release a few political prisoners. The focus is on the Sandinistas, their promises and their actions. There is a nsensus among the four Central American democratic Presidents that the Sandinistas have not mplied with the plan to bring peace and democracy to all of Central America. The Sandinistas again have promised reforms. Their challenge is to take irreversible steps toward democracy. On Wednesday my request to sustain the freedom fighters will be submitted, which reflects our mutual desire for peace, freedom, and democracy in Nicaragua. I ask Congress to pass this request. Let us be for the people of Nicaragua what Lafayette, Pulaski, and Von Steuben were for our forefathers and the cause of American independence. So, too, in Afghanistan, the freedom fighters are the key to peace. We support the Mujahidin. There can be no settlement unless all Soviet troops are removed and the Afghan people are allowed genuine self-determination. I have made my views on this matter known to Mr. Gorbachev. But not just Nicaragua or Afghanistan—yes, everywhere we see a swelling freedom tide across the world: freedom fighters rising up in Cambodia and Angola, fighting and dying for the same democratic liberties we hold sacred. Their cause is our cause: freedom. Yet even as we work to expand world freedom, we must build a safer peace and reduce the danger of nuclear war. But let's have no illusions. Three years of steady decline in the value of our annual defense investment have increased the risk of our most basic security interests, jeopardizing earlier hard-won goals. We must face squarely the implications of this negative trend and make adequate, stable defense spending a top goal both this year and in the future. This same ncern applies to enomic and security assistance programs as well. But the resolve of America and its NATO allies has opened the way for unprecedented achievement in arms reduction. Our recently signed INF treaty is historic, because it reduces nuclear arms and establishes the most stringent verification regime in arms ntrol history, including several forms of short-notice, on-site inspection. I submitted the treaty today, and I urge the Senate to give its advice and nsent to ratification of this landmark agreement. Applause] Thank you very much. In addition to the INF treaty, we're within reach of an even more significant START agreement that will reduce U.S. and Soviet long-range missile—or strategic arsenals by half. But let me be clear. Our approach is not to seek agreement for agreement's sake but to settle only for agreements that truly enhance our national security and that of our allies. We will never put our security at risk—or that of our allies-just to reach an agreement with the Soviets. No agreement is better than a bad agreement. As I mentioned earlier, our efforts are to give future generations what we never had—a future free of nuclear terror. Reduction of strategic offensive arms is one step, SDI another. Our funding request for our Strategic Defense Initiative is less than percent of the total defense budget. SDI funding is money wisely appropriated and money well spent. SDI has the same purpose and supports the same goals of arms reduction. It reduces the risk of war and the threat of nuclear weapons to all mankind. Strategic defenses that threaten no one uld offer the world a safer, more stable basis for deterrence. We must also remember that SDI is our insurance policy against a nuclear accident, a Chernobyl of the sky, or an accidental launch or some madman who might me along. We've seen such changes in the world in years. As totalitarianism struggles to avoid being overwhelmed by the forces of enomic advance and the aspiration for human freedom, it is the free nations that are resilient and resurgent. As the global democratic revolution has put totalitarianism on the defensive, we have left behind the days of retreat. America is again a vigorous leader of the free world, a nation that acts decisively and firmly in the furtherance of her principles and vital interests. No legacy would make me more proud than leaving in place a bipartisan nsensus for the cause of world freedom, a nsensus that prevents a paralysis of American power from ever occurring again. But my thoughts tonight go beyond this, and I hope you'll let me end this evening with a personal reflection. You know, the world uld never be quite the same again after Jab Shallus, a trustworthy and dependable clerk of the Pennsylvania General Assembly, took his pen and engrossed those words about representative government in the preamble of our Constitution. And in a quiet but final way, the urse of human events was forever altered when, on a ridge overlooking the Emmitsburg Pike in an obscure Pennsylvania town called Gettysburg, Linln spoke of our duty to government of and by the people and never letting it perish from the Earth. At the start of this decade, I suggested that we live in equally momentous times, that it is up to us now to decide whether our form of government would endure and whether history still had a place of greatness for a quiet, pleasant, greening land called America. Not everything has been made perfect in years, nor will it be made perfect in seven times years, but before us, this year and beyond, are great prospects for the cause of peace and world freedom. It means, too, that the young Americans I spoke of years ago, as well as those who might be ming along the Virginia or Maryland shores this night and seeing for the first time the lights of this Capital City—the lights that cast their glow on our great halls of government and the monuments to the memory of our great men—it means those young Americans will find a city of hope in a land that is free. "We can be proud that for them and for us, as those lights along the Potomac are still seen this night signaling as they have for nearly two centuries and as we pray God they always will, that another generation of Americans has protected and passed on lovingly this place called America, this shining city on a hill, this government of, by, and for the people.   Thank you, and God bless you." May I ngratulate all of you who are Members of this historic th Congress of the United States of America. In this th anniversary year of our Constitution, you and I stand on the shoulders of giants—men whose words and deeds put wind in the sails of freedom. However, we must always remember that our Constitution is to be celebrated not for being old, but for being young—young with the same energy, spirit, and promise that filled each eventful day in Philadelphia's statehouse. We will be guided tonight by their acts, and we will be guided forever by their words. Now, forgive me, but I can't resist sharing a story from those historic days. Philadelphia was bursting with civic pride in the spring of , and its newspapers began embellishing the arrival of the Convention delegates with elaborate social classifications. Governors of States were called Excellency. Justices and Chancellors had reserved for them honorable with a capital H." For Congressmen, it was honorable with a small h." And all others were referred to as the following respectable characters." Laughter] Well, for this th Congress, I invoke special executive powers to declare that each of you must never be titled less than honorable with a capital H." Incidentally, I'm delighted you are celebrating the th birthday of the Congress. It's always a pleasure to ngratulate someone with more birthdays than I've had. Laughter] Now, there's a new face at this place of honor tonight. And please join me in warm ngratulations to the Speaker of the House, Jim Wright. Applause] Mr. Speaker, you might recall a similar situation in your very first session of Congress years ago. Then, as now, the speakership had changed hands and another great son of Texas, Sam Rayburn—"Mr. Sam"—sat in your chair. I cannot find better words than those used by President Eisenhower that evening. He said, We shall have much to do together; I am sure that we will get it done and that we shall do it in harmony and good will." Tonight I renew that pledge. To you, Mr. Speaker, and to Senate Majority Leader Robert Byrd, who brings years of distinguished service to the Congress, may I say: Though there are changes in the Congress, America's interests remain the same. And I am nfident that, along with Republican leaders Bob Michel and Bob Dole, this Congress can make history. Six years ago I was here to ask the Congress to join me in America's new beginning. Well, the results are something of which we can all be proud. Our inflation rate is now the lowest in a quarter of a century. The prime interest rate has fallen from the / percent the month before we took office to / percent today. And those rates have triggered the most housing starts in years. The unemployment rate—still too high—is the lowest in nearly years, and our people have created nearly million new jobs. Over percent of everyone over the age of , male and female, is employed—the highest percentage on rerd. Let's roll up our sleeves and go to work and put America's enomic engine at full throttle. We can also be heartened by our progress across the world. Most important, America is at peace tonight, and freedom is on the march. And we've done much these past years to restore our defenses, our alliances, and our leadership in the world. Our sons and daughters in the services once again wear their uniforms with pride. But though we've made much progress, I have one major regret: I took a risk with regard to our action in Iran. It did not work, and for that I assume full responsibility. The goals were worthy. I do not believe it was wrong to try to establish ntacts with a untry of strategic importance or to try to save lives. And certainly it was not wrong to try to secure freedom for our citizens held in barbaric captivity. But we did not achieve what we wished, and serious mistakes were made in trying to do so. We will get to the bottom of this, and I will take whatever action is called for. But in debating the past, we must not deny ourselves the successes of the future. Let it never be said of this generation of Americans that we became so obsessed with failure that we refused to take risks that uld further the cause of peace and freedom in the world. Much is at stake here, and the Nation and the world are watching to see if we go forward together in the national interest or if we let partisanship weaken us. And let there be no mistake about American policy: We will not sit idly by if our interests or our friends in the Middle East are threatened, nor will we yield to terrorist blackmail. And now, ladies and gentlemen of the Congress, why don't we get to work? I am pleased to report that because of our efforts to rebuild the strength of America, the world is a safer place. Earlier this month I submitted a budget to defend America and maintain our momentum to make up for neglect in the last decade. Well, I ask you to vote out a defense and foreign affairs budget that says yes to protecting our untry. While the world is safer, it is not safe. Since the Soviets have invested billion more on their military forces than we have. Even today, though nearly in Soviet families is without running hot water and the average family spends hours a day shopping for the basic necessities of life, their government still found the resources to transfer billion in weapons to client states in the past years—clients like Syria, Vietnam, Cuba, Libya, Angola, Ethiopia, Afghanistan, and Nicaragua. With , Soviet mbat and military personnel and , military advisers in Asia, Africa, and Latin America, can anyone still doubt their single-minded determination to expand their power? Despite this, the Congress cut my request for critical U.S. security assistance to free nations by percent this year, and cut defense requests by billion in the last years. These assistance programs serve our national interests as well as mutual interests. And when the programs are devastated, American interests are harmed. My friends, it's my duty as President to say to you again tonight that there is no surer way to lose freedom than to lose our resolve. Today the brave people of Afghanistan are showing that resolve. The Soviet Union says it wants a peaceful settlement in Afghanistan, yet it ntinues a brutal war and props up a regime whose days are clearly numbered. We are ready to support a political solution that guarantees the rapid withdrawal of all Soviet troops and genuine self-determination for the Afghan people. In Central America, too, the cause of freedom is being tested. And our resolve is being tested there as well. Here, especially, the world is watching to see how this nation responds. Today over percent of the people of Latin America live in democracy. Democracy is on the march in Central and South America. Communist Nicaragua is the odd man out—suppressing the church, the press, and democratic dissent and promoting subversion in the region. We support diplomatic efforts, but these efforts can never succeed if the Sandinistas win their war against the Nicaraguan people. Our mmitment to a Western Hemisphere safe from aggression did not occur by spontaneous generation on the day that we took office. It began with the Monroe Doctrine in and ntinues our historic bipartisan American policy. Franklin Roosevelt said we are determined to do everything possible to maintain peace on this hemisphere." President Truman was very blunt: International mmunism seeks to crush and undermine and destroy the independence of the Americas. We cannot let that happen here." And John F. Kennedy made clear that Communist domination in this hemisphere can never be negotiated." Some in this Congress may choose to depart from this historic mmitment, but I will not. This year we celebrate the send century of our Constitution. The Sandinistas just signed theirs weeks ago, and then suspended it. We won't know how my words tonight will be reported there for one simple reason: There is no free press in Nicaragua. Nicaraguan freedom fighters have never asked us to wage their battle, but I will fight any effort to shut off their lifeblood and nsign them to death, defeat, or a life without freedom. There must be no Soviet beachhead in Central America. You know, we Americans have always preferred dialog to nflict, and so, we always remain open to more nstructive relations with the Soviet Union. But more responsible Soviet nduct around the world is a key element of the U.S.-Soviet agenda. Progress is also required on the other items of our agenda as well—real respect for human rights and more open ntacts between our societies and, of urse, arms reduction. In Iceland, last October, we had one moment of opportunity that the Soviets dashed because they sought to cripple our Strategic Defense Initiative, SDI. I wouldn't let them do it then; I won't let them do it now or in the future. This is the most positive and promising defense program we have undertaken. It's the path, for both sides, to a safer future—a system that defends human life instead of threatening it. SDI will go forward. The United States has made serious, fair, and far-reaching proposals to the Soviet Union, and this is a moment of rare opportunity for arms reduction. But I will need, and American negotiators in Geneva will need, Congress' support. Enacting the Soviet negotiating position into American law would not be the way to win a good agreement. So, I must tell you in this Congress I will veto any effort that undercuts our national security and our negotiating leverage. Now, today, we also find ourselves engaged in expanding peaceful mmerce across the world. We will work to expand our opportunities in international markets through the Uruguay round of trade negotiations and to mplete an historic free trade arrangement between the world's two largest trading partners, Canada and the United States. Our basic trade policy remains the same: We remain opposed as ever to protectionism, because America's growth and future depend on trade. But we would insist on trade that is fair and free. We are always willing to be trade partners but never trade patsies. Now, from foreign borders let us return to our own, because America in the world is only as strong as America at home. This th Congress has high responsibilities. I begin with a gentle reminder that many of these are simply the inmplete obligations of the past. The American people deserve to be impatient, because we do not yet have the public house in order. We've had great success in restoring our enomic integrity, and we've rescued our nation from the worst enomic mess since the Depression. But there's more to do. For starters, the Federal deficit is outrageous. For years I've asked that we stop pushing onto our children the excesses of our government. And what the Congress finally needs to do is pass a nstitutional amendment that mandates a balanced budget and forces government to live within its means. States, cities, and the families of America balance their budgets. Why can't we? Next, the budget process is a sorry spectacle. The missing of deadlines and the nightmare of monstrous ntinuing resolutions packing hundreds of billions of dollars of spending into one bill must be stopped. We ask the Congress once again: Give us the same tool that Governors have—a lineitem veto so we can carve out the boondoggles and pork, those items that would never survive on their own. I will send the Congress broad remmendations on the budget, but first I'd like to see yours. Let's go to work and get this done together. But now let's talk about this year's budget. Even though I have submitted it within the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction target, I have seen suggestions that we might postpone that timetable. Well, I think the American people are tired of hearing the same old excuses. Together we made a mmitment to balance the budget. Now let's keep it. As for those suggestions that the answer is higher taxes, the American people have repeatedly rejected that shop-worn advice. They know that we don't have deficits because people are taxed too little. We have deficits because big government spends too much. Now, next month I'll place two additional reforms before the Congress. We've created a welfare monster that is a shocking indictment of our sense of priorities. Our national welfare system nsists of some major programs and over , pages of Federal laws and regulations on which more than billion was spent in . I will propose a new national welfare strategy, a program of welfare reform through State-sponsored, mmunity-based demonstration projects. This is the time to reform this outmoded social dinosaur and finally break the poverty trap. Now, we will never abandon those who, through no fault of their own, must have our help. But let us work to see how many can be freed from the dependency of welfare and made self-supporting, which the great majority of welfare recipients want more than anything else. Next, let us remove a financial specter facing our older Americans: the fear of an illness so expensive that it can result in having to make an intolerable choice between bankruptcy and death. I will submit legislation shortly to help free the elderly from the fear of catastrophic illness. Now let's turn to the future. It's widely said that America is losing her mpetitive edge. Well, that won't happen if we act now. How well prepared are we to enter the st century? In my lifetime, America set the standard for the world. It is now time to determine that we should enter the next century having achieved a level of excellence unsurpassed in history. We will achieve this, first, by guaranteeing that government does everything possible to promote America's ability to mpete. Send, we must act as individuals in a quest for excellence that will not be measured by new proposals or billions in new funding. Rather, it involves an expenditure of American spirit and just plain American grit. The Congress will soon receive my mprehensive proposals to enhance our mpetitiveness, including new science and technology centers and strong new funding for basic research. The bill will include legal and regulatory reforms and weapons to fight unfair trade practices. Competitiveness also means giving our farmers a shot at participating fairly and fully in a changing world market. Preparing for the future must begin, as always, with our children. We need to set for them new and more rigorous goals. We must demand more of ourselves and our children by raising literacy levels dramatically by the year . Our children should master the basic ncepts of math and science, and let's insist that students not leave high school until they have studied and understood the basic documents of our national heritage. There's one more thing we can't let up on: Let's redouble our personal efforts to provide for every child a safe and drug-free learning environment. If our crusade against drugs succeeds with our children, we will defeat that surge all over the untry. Finally, let's stop suppressing the spiritual re of our national being. Our nation uld not have been nceived without divine help. Why is it that we can build a nation with our prayers, but we can't use a schoolroom for voluntary prayer? The th Congress of the United States should be remembered as the one that ended the expulsion of God from America's classrooms. The quest for excellence into the st century begins in the schoolroom but must go next to the workplace. More than million new jobs will be created before the new century unfolds, and by then, our enomy should be able to provide a job for everyone who wants to work. We must also enable our workers to adapt to the rapidly changing nature of the workplace. And I will propose substantial, new Federal mmitments keyed to retraining and job mobility. Over the next few weeks, I'll be sending the Congress a mplete series of these special messages—on budget reform, welfare reform, mpetitiveness, including education, trade, worker training and assistance, agriculture, and other subjects. The Congress can give us these tools, but to make these tools work, it really mes down to just being our best. And that is the re of American greatness. The responsibility of freedom presses us towards higher knowledge and, I believe, moral and spiritual greatness. Through lower taxes and smaller government, government has its ways of freeing people's spirits. But only we, each of us, can let the spirit soar against our own individual standards. Excellence is what makes freedom ring. And isn't that what we do best? We're entering our third century now, but it's wrong to judge our nation by its years. The calendar can't measure America because we were meant to be an endless experiment in freedom—with no limit to our reaches, no boundaries to what we can do, no end point to our hopes. The United States Constitution is the impassioned and inspired vehicle by which we travel through history. It grew out of the most fundamental inspiration of our existence: that we are here to serve Him by living free—that living free releases in us the noblest of impulses and the best of our abilities; that we would use these gifts for good and generous purposes and would secure them not just for ourselves and for our children but for all mankind. Over the years—I won't unt if you don't—nothing has been so heartwarming to me as speaking to America's young, and the little ones especially, so fresh-faced and so eager to know. Well, from time to time I've been with them—they will ask about our Constitution. And I hope you Members of Congress will not deem this a breach of protol if you'll permit me to share these thoughts again with the young people who might be listening or watching this evening. I've read the nstitutions of a number of untries, including the Soviet Union's. Now, some people are surprised to hear that they have a nstitution, and it even supposedly grants a number of freedoms to its people. Many untries have written into their nstitution provisions for freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. Well, if this is true, why is the Constitution of the United States so exceptional? Well, the difference is so small that it almost escapes you, but it's so great it tells you the whole story in just three words: We the people. In those other nstitutions, the Government tells the people of those untries what they're allowed to do. In our Constitution, we the people tell the Government what it can do, and it can do only those things listed in that document and no others. Virtually every other revolution in history has just exchanged one set of rulers for another set of rulers. Our revolution is the first to say the people are the masters and government is their servant. And you young people out there, don't ever forget that. Someday you uld be in this room, but wherever you are, America is depending on you to reach your highest and be your best—because here in America, we the people are in charge. Just three words: We the people—those are the kids on Christmas Day looking out from a frozen sentry post on the th parallel in Korea or aboard an aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. A million miles from home, but doing their duty. We the people—those are the warmhearted whose numbers we can't begin to unt, who'll begin the day with a little prayer for hostages they will never know and MIA families they will never meet. Why? Because that's the way we are, this unique breed we call Americans. We the people—they're farmers on tough times, but who never stop feeding a hungry world. They're the volunteers at the hospital choking back their tears for the hundredth time, caring for a baby struggling for life because of a mother who used drugs. And you'll forgive me a special memory—it's a million mothers like Nelle Reagan who never knew a stranger or turned a hungry person away from her kitchen door. We the people—they refute last week's television mmentary downgrading our optimism and our idealism. They are the entrepreneurs, the builders, the pioneers, and a lot of regular folks—the true heroes of our land who make up the most unmmon nation of doers in history. You know they're Americans because their spirit is as big as the universe and their hearts are bigger than their spirits. We the people—starting the third century of a dream and standing up to some cynic who's trying to tell us we're not going to get any better. Are we at the end? Well, I can't tell it any better than the real thing—a story rerded by James Madison from the final moments of the Constitutional Convention, September th, . As the last few members signed the document, Benjamin Franklin—the oldest delegate at years and in frail health—looked over toward the chair where George Washington daily presided. At the back of the chair was painted the picture of a Sun on the horizon. And turning to those sitting next to him, Franklin observed that artists found it difficult in their painting to distinguish between a rising and a setting Sun. Well, I know if we were there, we uld see those delegates sitting around Franklin-leaning in to listen more closely to him. And then Dr. Franklin began to share his deepest hopes and fears about the outme of their efforts, and this is what he said: I have often looked at that picture behind the President without being able to tell whether it was a rising or setting Sun: But now at length I have the happiness to know that it is a rising and not a setting Sun." Well, you can bet it's rising because, my fellow citizens, America isn't finished. Her best days have just begun. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America. Thank you for allowing me to delay my address until this evening. We paused together to mourn and honor the valor of our seven Challenger heroes. And I hope that we are now ready to do what they would want us to do: Go forward, America, and reach for the stars. We will never forget those brave seven, but we shall go forward. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my prepared remarks, may I point out that tonight marks the th and last State of the Union Message that you've presided over. And on behalf of the American people, I want to salute you for your service to Congress and untry. Here's to you Applause] I have me to review with you the progress of our nation, to speak of unfinished work, and to set our sights on the future. I am pleased to report the state of our Union is stronger than a year ago and growing stronger each day. Tonight we look out on a rising America, firm of heart, united in spirit, powerful in pride and patriotism America is on the move But it wasn't long ago that we looked out on a different land: locked factory gates, long gasoline lines, intolerable prices, and interest rates turning the greatest untry on Earth into a land of broken dreams. Government growing beyond our nsent had beme a lumbering giant, slamming shut the gates of opportunity, threatening to crush the very roots of our freedom. What brought America back? The American people brought us back with quiet urage and mmon sense, with undying faith that in this nation under God the future will be ours; for the future belongs to the free. Tonight the American people deserve our thanks for straight months of enomic growth, for sunrise firms and modernized industries creating million new jobs in years, interest rates cut in half, inflation falling over from percent in to under today, and a mighty river of good works-a rerd billion in voluntary giving just last year alone. And despite the pressures of our modern world, family and mmunity remain the moral re of our society, guardians of our values and hopes for the future. Family and mmunity are the stars of this great American meback. They are why we say tonight: Private values must be at the heart of public policies. What is true for families in America is true for America in the family of free nations. History is no captive of some inevitable force. History is made by men and women of vision and urage. Tonight freedom is on the march. The United States is the enomic miracle, the model to which the world once again turns. We stand for an idea whose time is now: Only by lifting the weights from the shoulders of all can people truly prosper and can peace among all nations be secure. Teddy Roosevelt said that a nation that does great work lives forever. We have done well, but we cannot stop at the foothills when Everest beckons. It's time for America to be all that we can be. We speak tonight of an agenda for the future, an agenda for a safer, more secure world. And we speak about the necessity for actions to steel us for the challenges of growth, trade, and security in the next decade and the year . And we will do it—not by breaking faith with bedrock principles but by breaking free from failed policies. Let us begin where storm clouds loom darkest—right here in Washington, DC. This week I will send you our detailed proposals; tonight let us speak of our responsibility to redefine government's role: not to ntrol, not to demand or mmand, not to ntain us, but to help in times of need and, above all, to create a ladder of opportunity to full employment so that all Americans can climb toward enomic power and justice on their own. But we cannot win the race to the future shackled to a system that can't even pass a Federal budget. We cannot win that race held back by horse-and-buggy programs that waste tax dollars and squander human potential. We cannot win that race if we're swamped in a sea of red ink. Now, Mr. Speaker, you know, I know, and the American people know the Federal budget system is broken. It doesn't work. Before we leave this city, let's you and I work together to fix it, and then we can finally give the American people a balanced budget. Members of Congress, passage of Gramm-Rudman-Hollings gives us an historic opportunity to achieve what has eluded our national leadership for decades: forcing the Federal Government to live within its means. Your schedule now requires that the budget resolution be passed by April th, the very day America's families have to foot the bill for the budgets that you produce. How often we read of a husband and wife both working, struggling from paycheck to paycheck to raise a family, meet a mortgage, pay their taxes and bills. And yet some in Congress say taxes must be raised. Well, I'm sorry; they're asking the wrong people to tighten their belts. It's time we reduce the Federal budget and left the family budget alone. We do not face large deficits because American families are undertaxed; we face those deficits because the Federal Government overspends. The detailed budget that we will submit will meet the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings target for deficit reductions, meet our mmitment to ensure a strong national defense, meet our mmitment to protect Social Security and the truly less fortunate, and, yes, meet our mmitment to not raise taxes. How should we acmplish this? Well, not by taking from those in need. As families take care of their own, government must provide shelter and nourishment for those who cannot provide for themselves. But we must revise or replace programs enacted in the name of mpassion that degrade the moral worth of work, enurage family breakups, and drive entire mmunities into a bleak and heartless dependency. Gramm-Rudman-Hollings can mark a dramatic improvement. But experience shows that simply setting deficit targets does not assure they'll be met. We must proceed with Grace mmission reforms against waste. And tonight I ask you to give me what Governors have: Give me a line-item veto this year. Give me the authority to veto waste, and I'll take the responsibility, I'll make the cuts, I'll take the heat. This authority would not give me any monopoly power, but simply prevent spending measures from sneaking through that uld not pass on their own merit. And you can sustain or override my veto; that's the way the system should work. Once we've made the hard choices, we should lock in our gains with a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. I mentioned that we will meet our mmitment to national defense. We must meet it. Defense is not just another budget expense. Keeping America strong, free, and at peace is solely the responsibility of the Federal Government; it is government's prime responsibility. We have devoted years trying to narrow a dangerous gap born of illusion and neglect, and we've made important gains. Yet the threat from Soviet forces, nventional and strategic, from the Soviet drive for domination, from the increase in espionage and state terror remains great. This is reality. Closing our eyes will not make reality disappear. We pledged together to hold real growth in defense spending to the bare minimum. My budget honors that pledge, and I'm now asking you, the Congress, to keep its end of the bargain. The Soviets must know that if America reduces her defenses, it will be because of a reduced threat, not a reduced resolve. Keeping America strong is as vital to the national security as ntrolling Federal spending is to our enomic security. But, as I have said before, the most powerful force we can enlist against the Federal deficit is an ever-expanding American enomy, unfettered and free. The magic of opportunity-unreserved, unfailing, unrestrained-isn't this the calling that unites us? I believe our tax rate cuts for the people have done more to spur a spirit of risk-taking and help America's enomy break free than any program since John Kennedy's tax cut almost a quarter century ago. Now history calls us to press on, to mplete efforts for an historic tax reform providing new opportunity for all and ensuring that all pay their fair share, but no more. We've me this far. Will you join me now, and we'll walk this last mile together? You know my views on this. We cannot and we will not accept tax reform that is a tax increase in disguise. True reform must be an engine of productivity and growth, and that means a top personal rate no higher than percent. True reform must be truly fair, and that means raising personal exemptions to ,. True reform means a tax system that at long last is profamily, projobs, profuture, and pro-America. As we knock down the barriers to growth, we must redouble our efforts for freer and fairer trade. We have already taken actions to unter unfair trading practices and to pry open closed foreign markets. We will ntinue to do so. We will also oppose legislation touted as providing protection that in reality pits one American worker against another, one industry against another, one mmunity against another, and that raises prices for us all. If the United States can trade with other nations on a level playing field, we can outproduce, outmpete, and outsell anybody, anywhere in the world. The nstant expansion of our enomy and exports requires a sound and stable dollar at home and reliable exchange rates around the world. We must never again permit wild currency swings to cripple our farmers and other exporters. Farmers, in particular, have suffered from past unwise government policies. They must not be abandoned with problems they did not create and cannot ntrol. We've begun ordinating enomic and monetary policy among our major trading partners. But there's more to do, and tonight I am directing Treasury Secretary Jim Baker to determine if the nations of the world should nvene to discuss the role and relationship of our currencies. Confident in our future and secure in our values, Americans are striving forward to embrace the future. We see it not only in our revery but in straight years of falling crime rates, as families and mmunities band together to fight pornography, drugs, and lawlessness and to give back to their children the safe and, yes, innocent childhood they deserve. We see it in the renaissance in education, the rising SAT sres for years—last year's increase, the greatest since . It wasn't government and Washington lobbies that turned education around; it was the American people who, in reaching for excellence, knew to reach back to basics. We must ntinue the advance by supporting discipline in our schools, vouchers that give parents freedom of choice; and we must give back to our children their lost right to acknowledge God in their classrooms. We are a nation of idealists, yet today there is a wound in our national nscience. America will never be whole as long as the right to life granted by our Creator is denied to the unborn. For the rest of my time, I shall do what I can to see that this wound is one day healed. As we work to make the American dream real for all, we must also look to the ndition of America's families. Struggling parents today worry how they will provide their children the advantages that their parents gave them. In the welfare culture, the breakdown of the family, the most basic support system, has reached crisis proportions—'m female and child poverty, child abandonment, horrible crimes, and deteriorating schools. After hundreds of billions of dollars in poverty programs, the plight of the poor grows more painful. But the waste in dollars and cents pales before the most tragic loss: the sinful waste of human spirit and potential. We can ignore this terrible truth no longer. As Franklin Roosevelt warned years ago, standing before this Chamber, he said, Welfare is a nartic, a subtle destroyer of the human spirit." And we must now escape the spider's web of dependency. Tonight I am charging the White House Domestic Council to present me by December , , an evaluation of programs and a strategy for immediate action to meet the financial, educational, social, and safety ncerns of poor families. I'm talking about real and lasting emancipation, because the success of welfare should be judged by how many of its recipients beme independent of welfare. Further, after seeing how devastating illness can destroy the financial security of the family, I am directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services, Dr. Otis Bowen, to report to me by year end with remmendations on how the private sector and government can work together to address the problems of affordable insurance for those whose life savings would otherwise be threatened when catastrophic illness strikes. And tonight I want to speak directly to America's younger generation, because you hold the destiny of our nation in your hands. With all the temptations young people face, it sometimes seems the allure of the permissive society requires superhuman feats of self-ntrol. But the call of the future is too strong, the challenge too great to get lost in the blind alleyways of dissolution, drugs, and despair. Never has there been a more exciting time to be alive, a time of rousing wonder and heroic achievement. As they said in the film Back to the Future," Where we're going, we don't need roads." Well, today physicists peering into the infinitely small realms of subatomic particles find reaffirmations of religious faith. Astronomers build a space telespe that can see to the edge of the universe and possibly back to the moment of creation. So, yes, this nation remains fully mmitted to America's space program. We're going forward with our shuttle flights. We're going forward to build our space station. And we are going forward with research on a new Orient Express that uld, by the end of the next decade, take off from Dulles Airport accelerate up to times the speed of sound, attaining low Earth orbit or flying to Tokyo within hours. And the same technology transforming our lives can solve the greatest problem of the th century. A security shield can one day render nuclear weapons obsolete and free mankind from the prison of nuclear terror. America met one historic challenge and went to the Moon. Now America must meet another: to make our strategic defense real for all the citizens of planet Earth. Let us speak of our deepest longing for the future: to leave our children a land that is free and just and a world at peace. It is my hope that our fireside summit in Geneva and Mr. Gorbachev's upming visit to America can lead to a more stable relationship. Surely no people on Earth hate war or love peace more than we Americans. But we cannot stroll into the future with childlike faith. Our differences with a system that openly proclaims and practices an alleged right to mmand people's lives and to export its ideology by force are deep and abiding. Logic and history mpel us to accept that our relationship be guided by realism—rock-hard, cleareyed, steady, and sure. Our negotiators in Geneva have proposed a radical cut in offensive forces by each side with no cheating. They have made clear that Soviet mpliance with the letter and spirit of agreements is essential. If the Soviet Government wants an agreement that truly reduces nuclear arms, there will be such an agreement. But arms ntrol is no substitute for peace. We know that peace follows in freedom's path and nflicts erupt when the will of the people is denied. So, we must prepare for peace not only by reducing weapons but by bolstering prosperity, liberty, and democracy however and wherever we can. We advance the promise of opportunity every time we speak out on behalf of lower tax rates, freer markets, sound currencies around the world. We strengthen the family of freedom every time we work with allies and me to the aid of friends under siege. And we can enlarge the family of free nations if we will defend the unalienable rights of all God's children to follow their dreams. To those imprisoned in regimes held captive, to those beaten for daring to fight for freedom and democracy—for their right to worship, to speak, to live, and to prosper in the family of free nations—we say to you tonight: You are not alone, freedom fighters. America will support with moral and material assistance your right not just to fight and die for freedom but to fight and win freedom—to win freedom in Afghanistan, in Angola, in Cambodia, and in Nicaragua. This is a great moral challenge for the entire free world. Surely no issue is more important for peace in our own hemisphere, for the security of our frontiers, for the protection of our vital interests, than to achieve democracy in Nicaragua and to protect Nicaragua's democratic neighbors. This year I will be asking Congress for the means to do what must be done for that great and good cause. As former Senator Henry M.] Sop Jackson, the inspiration for our Bipartisan Commission on Central America, once said, In matters of national security, the best politics is no politics." What we acmplish this year, in each challenge we face, will set our urse for the balance of the decade, indeed, for the remainder of the century. After all we've done so far, let no one say that this nation cannot reach the destiny of our dreams. America believes, America is ready, America can win the race to the future—and we shall. The American dream is a song of hope that rings through night winter air; vivid, tender music that warms our hearts when the least among us aspire to the greatest things: to venture a daring enterprise; to unearth new beauty in music, literature, and art; to disver a new universe inside a tiny silin chip or a single human cell. We see the dream ming true in the spirit of disvery of Richard Cavoli. All his life he's been enthralled by the mysteries of medicine. And, Richard, we know that the experiment that you began in high school was launched and lost last week, yet your dream lives. And as long as it's real, work of noble note will yet be done, work that uld reduce the harmful effects of x rays on patients and enable astronomers to view the golden gateways of the farthest stars. We see the dream glow in the towering talent of a -year-old, Tyrone Ford. A child prodigy of gospel music, he has surmounted personal adversity to beme an acmplished pianist and singer. He also directs the choirs of three churches and has performed at the Kennedy Center. With God as your mposer, Tyrone, your music will be the music of angels. We see the dream being saved by the urage of the -year-old Shelby Butler, honor student and member of her school's safety patrol. Seeing another girl freeze in terror before an out-of-ntrol school bus, she risked her life and pulled her to safety. With bravery like yours, Shelby, America need never fear for our future. And we see the dream born again in the joyful mpassion of a year old, Trevor Ferrell. Two years ago, age , watching men and women bedding down in abandoned doorways—on television he was watching—Trevor left his suburban Philadelphia home to bring blankets and food to the helpless and homeless. And now people help him fulfill his nightly vigil. Trevor, yours is the living spirit of brotherly love. Would you four stand up for a moment? Thank you, thank you. You are heroes of our hearts. We look at you and know it's true: In this land of dreams fulfilled, where greater dreams may be imagined, nothing is impossible, no victory is beyond our reach, no glory will ever be too great. "So, now it's up to us, all of us, to prepare America for that day when our work will pale before the greatness of America's champions in the st century. The world's hopes rest with America's future; America's hopes rest with us. So, let us go forward to create our world of tomorrow in faith, in unity, and in love.   God bless you, and God bless America." I me before you to report on the state of our Union, and I'm pleased to report that after years of united effort, the American people have brought forth a nation renewed, stronger, freer, and more secure than before. Four years ago we began to change, forever I hope, our assumptions about government and its place in our lives. Out of that change has me great and robust growth-in our nfidence, our enomy, and our role in the world. Tonight America is stronger because of the values that we hold dear. We believe faith and freedom must be our guiding stars, for they show us truth, they make us brave, give us hope, and leave us wiser than we were. Our progress began not in Washington, DC, but in the hearts of our families, mmunities, workplaces, and voluntary groups which, together, are unleashing the invincible spirit of one great nation under God. Four years ago we said we would invigorate our enomy by giving people greater freedom and incentives to take risks and letting them keep more of what they earned. We did what we promised, and a great industrial giant is reborn. Tonight we can take pride in straight months of enomic growth, the strongest in years; a -year inflation average of . percent, the lowest in years; and . million new jobs in years, with more of our citizens working than ever before. New freedom in our lives has planted the rich seeds for future success: For an America of wisdom that honors the family, knowing that if as] the family goes, so goes our civilization; For an America of vision that sees tomorrow's dreams in the learning and hard work we do today; For an America of urage whose service men and women, even as we meet, proudly stand watch on the frontiers of freedom; For an America of mpassion that opens its heart to those who cry out for help. We have begun well. But it's only a beginning. We're not here to ngratulate ourselves on what we have done but to challenge ourselves to finish what has not yet been done. We're here to speak for millions in our inner cities who long for real jobs, safe neighborhoods, and schools that truly teach. We're here to speak for the American farmer, the entrepreneur, and every worker in industries fighting to modernize and mpete. And, yes, we're here to stand, and proudly so, for all who struggle to break free from totalitarianism, for all who know in their hearts that freedom is the one true path to peace and human happiness. Proverbs tell us, without a vision the people perish. When asked what great principle holds our Union together, Abraham Linln said: Something in the] Declaration giving liberty, not alone to the people of this untry, but hope to the world for all future time." We honor the giants of our history not by going back but forward to the dreams their vision foresaw. My fellow citizens, this nation is poised for greatness. The time has me to proceed toward a great new challenge—a send American Revolution of hope and opportunity; a revolution carrying us to new heights of progress by pushing back frontiers of knowledge and space; a revolution of spirit that taps the soul of America, enabling us to summon greater strength than we've ever known; and a revolution that carries beyond our shores the golden promise of human freedom in a world of peace. Let us begin by challenging our nventional wisdom. There are no nstraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect. Already, pushing down tax rates has freed our enomy to vault forward to rerd growth. In Europe, they're calling it the American Miracle." Day by day, we're shattering accepted notions of what is possible. When I was growing up, we failed to see how a new thing called radio would transform our marketplace. Well, today, many have not yet seen how advances in technology are transforming our lives. In the late 's workers at the AT&T seminductor plant in Pennsylvania produced five transistors a day for . apiece. They now produce over a million for less than a penny apiece. New laser techniques uld revolutionize heart bypass surgery, cut diagnosis time for viruses linked to cancer from weeks to minutes, reduce hospital sts dramatically, and hold out new promise for saving human lives. Our automobile industry has overhauled assembly lines, increased worker productivity, and is mpetitive once again. We stand on the threshold of a great ability to produce more, do more, be more. Our enomy is not getting older and weaker; it's getting younger and stronger. It doesn't need rest and supervision; it needs new challenge, greater freedom. And that word freedom" is the key to the send American revolution that we need to bring about. Let us move together with an historic reform of tax simplification for fairness and growth. Last year I asked Treasury Secretary-then-Regan to develop a plan to simplify the tax de, so all taxpayers would be treated more fairly and personal tax rates uld me further down. We have cut tax rates by almost percent, yet the tax system remains unfair and limits our potential for growth. Exclusions and exemptions cause similar inmes to be taxed at different levels. Low-inme families face steep tax barriers that make hard lives even harder. The Treasury Department has produced an excellent reform plan, whose principles will guide the final proposal that we will ask you to enact. One thing that tax reform will not be is a tax increase in disguise. We will not jeopardize the mortgage interest deduction that families need. We will reduce personal tax rates as low as possible by removing many tax preferences. We will propose a top rate of no more than percent, and possibly lower. And we will propose reducing rporate rates, while maintaining incentives for capital formation. To enurage opportunity and jobs rather than dependency and welfare, we will propose that individuals living at or near the poverty line be totally exempt from Federal inme tax. To restore fairness to families, we will propose increasing significantly the personal exemption. And tonight, I am instructing Treasury Secretary James Baker—I have to get used to saying that—to begin working with ngressional authors and mmittees for bipartisan legislation nforming to these principles. We will call upon the American people for support and upon every man and woman in this Chamber. Together, we can pass, this year, a tax bill for fairness, simplicity, and growth, making this enomy the engine of our dreams and America the investment capital of the world. So let us begin. Tax simplification will be a giant step toward unleashing the tremendous pent-up power of our enomy. But a send American revolution must carry the promise of opportunity for all. It is time to liberate the spirit of enterprise in the most distressed areas of our untry. This government will meet its responsibility to help those in need. But policies that increase dependency, break up families, and destroy self-respect are not progressive; they're reactionary. Despite our strides in civil rights, blacks, Hispanics, and all minorities will not have full and equal power until they have full enomic power. We have repeatedly sought passage of enterprise zones to help those in the abandoned rners of our land find jobs, learn skills, and build better lives. This legislation is supported by a majority of you. Mr. Speaker, I know we agree that there must be no forgotten Americans. Let us place new dreams in a million hearts and create a new generation of entrepreneurs by passing enterprise zones this year. And, Tip, you uld make that a birthday present. Laughter] Nor must we lose the chance to pass our youth employment opportunity wage proposal. We can help teenagers, who have the highest unemployment rate, find summer jobs, so they can know the pride of work and have nfidence in their futures. We'll ntinue to support the Job Training Partnership Act, which has a nearly two-thirds job placement rate. Credits in education and health care vouchers will help working families shop for services that they need. Our administration is already enuraging certain low-inme public housing residents to own and manage their own dwellings. It's time that all public housing residents have that opportunity of ownership. The Federal Government can help create a new atmosphere of freedom. But States and localities, many of which enjoy surpluses from the revery, must not permit their tax and regulatory policies to stand as barriers to growth. Let us resolve that we will stop spreading dependency and start spreading opportunity; that we will stop spreading bondage and start spreading freedom. There are some who say that growth initiatives must await final action on deficit reductions. Well, the best way to reduce deficits is through enomic growth. More businesses will be started, more investments made, more jobs created, and more people will be on payrolls paying taxes. The best way to reduce government spending is to reduce the need for spending by increasing prosperity. Each added percentage point per year of real GNP growth will lead to cumulative reduction in deficits of nearly billion over years. To move steadily toward a balanced budget, we must also lighten government's claim on our total enomy. We will not do this by raising taxes. We must make sure that our enomy grows faster than the growth in spending by the Federal Government. In our fiscal year budget, overall government program spending will be frozen at the current level. It must not be one dime higher than fiscal year , and three points are key. First, the social safety net for the elderly, the needy, the disabled, and unemployed will be left intact. Growth of our major health care programs, Medicare and Medicaid, will be slowed, but protections for the elderly and needy will be preserved. Send, we must not relax our efforts to restore military strength just as we near our goal of a fully equipped, trained, and ready professional rps. National security is government's first responsibility; so in past years defense spending took about half the Federal budget. Today it takes less than a third. We've already reduced our planned defense expenditures by nearly a hundred billion dollars over the past years and reduced projected spending again this year. You know, we only have a military-industrial mplex until a time of danger, and then it bemes the arsenal of democracy. Spending for defense is investing in things that are priceless—peace and freedom. Third, we must reduce or eliminate stly government subsidies. For example, deregulation of the airline industry has led to cheaper airfares, but on Amtrak taxpayers pay about per passenger every time an Amtrak train leaves the station, It's time we ended this huge Federal subsidy. Our farm program sts have quadrupled in recent years. Yet I know from visiting farmers, many in great financial distress, that we need an orderly transition to a market-oriented farm enomy. We can help farmers best not by expanding Federal payments but by making fundamental reforms, keeping interest rates heading down, and knocking down foreign trade barriers to American farm exports. We're moving ahead with Grace mmission reforms to eliminate waste and improve government's management practices. In the long run, we must protect the taxpayers from government. And I ask again that you pass, as States have now called for, an amendment mandating the Federal Government spend no more than it takes in. And I ask for the authority, used responsibly by Governors, to veto individual items in appropriation bills. Senator Mattingly has introduced a bill permitting a -year trial run of the line-item veto. I hope you'll pass and send that legislation to my desk. Nearly years of government living beyond its means has brought us to a time of reckoning. Ours is but a moment in history. But one moment of urage, idealism, and bipartisan unity can change American history forever. Sound monetary policy is key to long-running enomic strength and stability. We will ntinue to operate with the Federal Reserve Board, seeking a steady policy that ensures price stability without keeping interest rates artificially high or needlessly holding down growth. Reducing unneeded red tape and regulations, and deregulating the energy, transportation, and financial industries have unleashed new mpetition, giving nsumers more choices, better services, and lower prices. In just one set of grant programs we have reduced pages of regulations to . We seek to fully deregulate natural gas to bring on new supplies and bring us closer to energy independence. Consistent with safety standards, we will ntinue removing restraints on the bus and railroad industries, we will soon end up legislation—or send up legislation, I should say—to return Conrail to the private sector where it belongs, and we will support further deregulation of the trucking industry. Every dollar the Federal Government does not take from us, every decision it does not make for us will make our enomy stronger, our lives more abundant, our future more free. Our send American revolution will push on to new possibilities not only on Earth but in the next frontier of space. Despite budget restraints, we will seek rerd funding for research and development. We've seen the success of the space shuttle. Now we're going to develop a permanently manned space station and new opportunities for free enterprise, because in the next decade Americans and our friends around the world will be living and working together in space. In the zero gravity of space, we uld manufacture in days lifesaving medicines it would take years to make on Earth. We can make crystals of exceptional purity to produce super mputers, creating jobs, technologies, and medical breakthroughs beyond anything we ever dreamed possible. As we do all this, we'll ntinue to protect our natural resources. We will seek reauthorization and expanded funding for the Superfund program to ntinue cleaning up hazardous waste sites which threaten human health and the environment. Now, there's another great heritage to speak of this evening. Of all the changes that have swept America the past years, none brings greater promise than our redisvery of the values of faith, freedom, family, work, and neighborhood. We see signs of renewal in increased attendance in places of worship; renewed optimism and faith in our future; love of untry redisvered by our young, who are leading the way. We've redisvered that work is good in and of itself, that it ennobles us to create and ntribute no matter how seemingly humble our jobs. We've seen a powerful new current from an old and honorable tradition—American generosity. From thousands answering Peace Corps appeals to help boost food production in Africa, to millions volunteering time, rporations adopting schools, and mmunities pulling together to help the neediest among us at home, we have refound our values. Private sector initiatives are crucial to our future. I thank the Congress for passing equal access legislation giving religious groups the same right to use classrooms after school that other groups enjoy. But no citizen need tremble, nor the world shudder, if a child stands in a classroom and breathes a prayer. We ask you again, give children back a right they had for a century and a half or more in this untry. The question of abortion grips our nation. Abortion is either the taking of a human life or it isn't. And if it is—and medical technology is increasingly showing it is—it must be stopped. It is a terrible irony that while some turn to abortion, so many others who cannot beme parents cry out for children to adopt. We have room for these children. We can fill the cradles of those who want a child to love. And tonight I ask you in the Congress to move this year on legislation to protect the unborn. In the area of education, we're returning to excellence, and again, the heroes are our people, not government. We're stressing basics of discipline, rigorous testing, and homework, while helping children beme mputer-smart as well. For years scholastic aptitude test sres of our high school students went down, but now they have gone up of the last years. We must go forward in our mmitment to the new basics, giving parents greater authority and making sure good teachers are rewarded for hard work and achievement through merit pay. Of all the changes in the past years, none has more threatened our sense of national well-being than the explosion of violent crime. One does not have to be attacked to be a victim. The woman who must run to her car after shopping at night is a victim. The uple draping their door with locks and chains are victims; as is the tired, decent cleaning woman who can't ride a subway home without being afraid. We do not seek to violate the rights of defendants. But shouldn't we feel more mpassion for the victims of crime than for those who mmit crime? For the first time in years, the crime index has fallen years in a row. We've nvicted over , drug offenders and put them, as well as leaders of organized crime, behind bars in rerd numbers. But we must do more. I urge the House to follow the Senate and enact proposals permitting use of all reliable evidence that police officers acquire in good faith. These proposals would also reform the habeas rpus laws and allow, in keeping with the will of the overwhelming majority of Americans, the use of the death penalty where necessary. There can be no enomic revival in ghettos when the most violent among us are allowed to roam free. It's time we restored domestic tranquility. And we mean to do just that. Just as we're positioned as never before to secure justice in our enomy, we're poised as never before to create a safer, freer, more peaceful world. Our alliances are stronger than ever. Our enomy is stronger than ever. We have resumed our historic role as a leader of the free world. And all of these together are a great force for peace. Since we've been mmitted to seeking fair and verifiable arms agreements that would lower the risk of war and reduce the size of nuclear arsenals. Now our determination to maintain a strong defense has influenced the Soviet Union to return to the bargaining table. Our negotiators must be able to go to that table with the united support of the American people. All of us have no greater dream than to see the day when nuclear weapons are banned from this Earth forever. Each Member of the Congress has a role to play in modernizing our defenses, thus supporting our chances for a meaningful arms agreement. Your vote this spring on the Peacekeeper missile will be a critical test of our resolve to maintain the strength we need and move toward mutual and verifiable arms reductions. For the past years we've believed that no war will be launched as long as each side knows it can retaliate with a deadly unterstrike. Well, I believe there's a better way of eliminating the threat of nuclear war. It is a Strategic Defense Initiative aimed ultimately at finding a nonnuclear defense against ballistic missiles. It's the most hopeful possibility of the nuclear age. But it's not very well understood. Some say it will bring war to the heavens, but its purpose is to deter war in the heavens and on Earth. Now, some say the research would be expensive. Perhaps, but it uld save millions of lives, indeed humanity itself. And some say if we build such a system, the Soviets will build a defense system of their own. Well, they already have strategic defenses that surpass ours; a civil defense system, where we have almost none; and a research program vering roughly the same areas of technology that we're now exploring. And finally some say the research will take a long time. Well, the answer to that is: Let's get started. Harry Truman once said that, ultimately, our security and the world's hopes for peace and human progress lie not in measures of defense or in the ntrol of weapons, but in the growth and expansion of freedom and self-government." And tonight, we declare anew to our fellow citizens of the world: Freedom is not the sole prerogative of a chosen few; it is the universal right of all God's children. Look to where peace and prosperity flourish today. It is in homes that freedom built. Victories against poverty are greatest and peace most secure where people live by laws that ensure free press, free speech, and freedom to worship, vote, and create wealth. Our mission is to nourish and defend freedom and democracy, and to mmunicate these ideals everywhere we can. America's enomic success is freedom's success; it can be repeated a hundred times in a hundred different nations. Many untries in east Asia and the Pacific have few resources other than the enterprise of their own people. But through low tax rates and free markets they've soared ahead of centralized enomies. And now China is opening up its enomy to meet its needs. We need a stronger and simpler approach to the process of making and implementing trade policy, and we'll be studying potential changes in that process in the next few weeks. We've seen the benefits of free trade and lived through the disasters of protectionism. Tonight I ask all our trading partners, developed and developing alike, to join us in a new round of trade negotiations to expand trade and mpetition and strengthen the global enomy—and to begin it in this next year. There are more than billion human beings living in Third World untries with an average per capita inme of a year. Many are victims of dictatorships that impoverished them with taxation and rruption. Let us ask our allies to join us in a practical program of trade and assistance that fosters enomic development through personal incentives to help these people climb from poverty on their own. We cannot play innocents abroad in a world that's not innocent; nor can we be passive when freedom is under siege. Without resources, diplomacy cannot succeed. Our security assistance programs help friendly governments defend themselves and give them nfidence to work for peace. And I hope that you in the Congress will understand that, dollar for dollar, security assistance ntributes as much to global security as our own defense budget. We must stand by all our democratic allies. And we must not break faith with those who are risking their lives—on every ntinent, from Afghanistan to Nicaragua—to defy Soviet-supported aggression and secure rights which have been ours from birth. The Sandinista dictatorship of Nicaragua, with full Cuban-Soviet bloc support, not only persecutes its people, the church, and denies a free press, but arms and provides bases for Communist terrorists attacking neighboring states. Support for freedom fighters is self-defense and totally nsistent with the OAS and U.N. Charters. It is essential that the Congress ntinue all facets of our assistance to Central America. I want to work with you to support the democratic forces whose struggle is tied to our own security. And tonight, I've spoken of great plans and great dreams. They're dreams we can make me true. Two hundred years of American history should have taught us that nothing is impossible. Ten years ago a young girl left Vietnam with her family, part of the exodus that followed the fall of Saigon. They came to the United States with no possessions and not knowing a word of English. Ten years ago—the young girl studied hard, learned English, and finished high school in the top of her class. And this May, May d to be exact, is a big date on her calendar. Just years from the time she left Vietnam, she will graduate from the United States Military Academy at West Point. I thought you might like to meet an American hero named Jean Nguyen. Now, there's someone else here tonight, born years ago. She lives in the inner city, where she cares for infants born of mothers who are heroin addicts. The children, born in withdrawal, are sometimes even dropped on her doorstep. She helps them with love. Go to her house some night, and maybe you'll see her silhouette against the window as she walks the floor talking softly, soothing a child in her arms-Mother Hale of Harlem, and she, too, is an American hero. "Jean, Mother Hale, your lives tell us that the oldest American saying is new again: Anything is possible in America if we have the faith, the will, and the heart. History is asking us once again to be a force for good in the world. Let us begin in unity, with justice, and love.   Thank you, and God bless you." Once again, in keeping with time-honored tradition, I have me to report to you on the state of the Union, and I'm pleased to report that America is much improved, and there's good reason to believe that improvement will ntinue through the days to me. You and I have had some honest and open differences in the year past. But they didn't keep us from joining hands in bipartisan operation to stop a long decline that had drained this nation's spirit and eroded its health. There is renewed energy and optimism throughout the land. America is back, standing tall, looking to the eighties with urage, nfidence, and hope. The problems we're overming are not the heritage of one person, party, or even one generation. It's just the tendency of government to grow, for practices and programs to beme the nearest thing to eternal life we'll ever see on this Earth. Laughter] And there's always that well-intentioned chorus of voices saying, With a little more power and a little more money, we uld do so much for the people." For a time we forgot the American dream isn't one of making government bigger; it's keeping faith with the mighty spirit of free people under God. As we came to the decade of the eighties, we faced the worst crisis in our postwar history. In the seventies were years of rising problems and falling nfidence. There was a feeling government had grown beyond the nsent of the governed. Families felt helpless in the face of mounting inflation and the indignity of taxes that reduced reward for hard work, thrift, and risktaking. All this was overlaid by an evergrowing web of rules and regulations. On the international scene, we had an unmfortable feeling that we'd lost the respect of friend and foe. Some questioned whether we had the will to defend peace and freedom. But America is too great for small dreams. There was a hunger in the land for a spiritual revival; if you will, a crusade for renewal. The American people said: Let us look to the future with nfidence, both at home and abroad. Let us give freedom a chance. Americans were ready to make a new beginning, and together we have done it. We're nfronting our problems one by one. Hope is alive tonight for millions of young families and senior citizens set free from unfair tax increases and crushing inflation. Inflation has been beaten down from . to . percent, and that's a great victory for all the people. The prime rate has been cut almost in half, and we must work together to bring it down even more. Together, we passed the first across-the-board tax reduction for everyone since the Kennedy tax cuts. Next year, tax rates will be indexed so inflation can't push people into higher brackets when they get st-of-living pay raises. Government must never again use inflation to profit at the people's expense. Today a working family earning , has , more in purchasing power than if tax and inflation rates were still at the levels. Real after-tax inme increased percent last year. And enomic deregulation of key industries like transportation has offered more chances—or choices, I should say, to nsumers and new changes—or chances for entrepreneurs and protecting safety. Tonight, we can report and be proud of one of the best reveries in decades. Send away the handwringers and the doubting Thomases. Hope is reborn for uples dreaming of owning homes and for risktakers with vision to create tomorrow's opportunities. The spirit of enterprise is sparked by the sunrise industries of high-tech and by small business people with big ideas—people like Barbara Proctor, who rose from a ghetto to build a multimillion-dollar advertising agency in Chicago; Carlos Perez, a Cuban refugee, who turned and a dream into a successful importing business in Coral Gables, Florida. People like these are heroes for the eighties. They helped million Americans find jobs in . More people are drawing paychecks tonight than ever before. And Congress helps—or progress helps everyone-well, Congress does too— laughter] -everyone. In women filled percent of all the new jobs in managerial, professional, and technical fields. But we know that many of our fellow untrymen are still out of work, wondering what will me of their hopes and dreams. Can we love America and not reach out to tell them: You are not forgotten; we will not rest until each of you can reach as high as your God-given talents will take you. The heart of America is strong; it's good and true. The cynics were wrong; America never was a sick society. We're seeing rededication to bedrock values of faith, family, work, neighborhood, peace, and freedom—values that help bring us together as one people, from the youngest child to the most senior citizen. The Congress deserves America's thanks for helping us restore pride and credibility to our military. And I hope that you're as proud as I am of the young men and women in uniform who have volunteered to man the ramparts in defense of freedom and whose dedication, valor, and skill increases so much our chance of living in a world at peace. People everywhere hunger for peace and a better life. The tide of the future is a freedom tide, and our struggle for democracy cannot and will not be denied. This nation champions peace that enshrines liberty, democratic rights, and dignity for every individual. America's new strength, nfidence, and purpose are carrying hope and opportunity far from our shores. A world enomic revery is underway. It began here. We've journeyed far, but we have much farther to go. Franklin Roosevelt told us years ago this month: Civilization can not go back; civilization must not stand still. We have undertaken new methods. It is our task to perfect, to improve, to alter when necessary, but in all cases to go forward." It's time to move forward again, time for America to take freedom's next step. Let us unite tonight behind four great goals to keep America free, secure, and at peace in the eighties together. We can ensure steady enomic growth. We can develop America's next frontier. We can strengthen our traditional values. And we can build a meaningful peace to protect our loved ones and this shining star of faith that has guided millions from tyranny to the safe harbor of freedom, progress, and hope. Doing these things will open wider the gates of opportunity, provide greater security for all, with no barriers of bigotry or discrimination. The key to a dynamic decade is vigorous enomic growth, our first great goal. We might well begin with mmon sense in Federal budgeting: government spending no more than government takes in. We must bring Federal deficits down. But how we do that makes all the difference. We can begin by limiting the size and spe of government. Under the leadership of Vice President Bush, we have reduced the growth of Federal regulations by more than percent and cut well over million hours of government-required paperwork each year. This will save the public more than billion over the next years. The Grace mmission has given us some , remmendations for reducing wasteful spending, and they're being examined throughout the administration. Federal spending growth has been cut from . percent in to less than half of that today, and we have already achieved over billion in budget savings for the period of to . But that's only a little more than half of what we sought. Government is still spending too large a percentage of the total enomy. Now, some insist that any further budget savings must be obtained by reducing the portion spent on defense. This ignores the fact that national defense is solely the responsibility of the Federal Government; indeed, it is its prime responsibility. And yet defense spending is less than a third of the total budget. During the years of President Kennedy and of the years before that, defense was almost half the total budget. And then came several years in which our military capability was allowed to deteriorate to a very dangerous degree. We are just now restoring, through the essential modernization of our nventional and strategic forces, our capability to meet our present and future security needs. We dare not shirk our responsibility to keep America free, secure, and at peace. The last decade saw domestic spending surge literally out of ntrol. But the basis for such spending had been laid in previous years. A pattern of overspending has been in place for half a century. As the national debt grew, we were told not to worry, that we owed it to ourselves. Now we know that deficits are a cause for worry. But there's a difference of opinion as to whether taxes should be increased, spending cut, or some of both. Fear is expressed that government borrowing to fund the deficit uld inhibit the enomic revery by taking capital needed for business and industrial expansion. Well, I think that debate is missing an important point. Whether government borrows or increases taxes, it will be taking the same amount of money from the private sector, and, either way, that's too much. Simple fairness dictates that government must not raise taxes on families struggling to pay their bills. The root of the problem is that government's share is more than we can afford if we're to have a sound enomy. We must bring down the deficits to ensure ntinued enomic growth. In the budget that I will submit on February st, I will remmend measures that will reduce the deficit over the next years. Many of these will be unfinished business from last year's budget. Some uld be enacted quickly if we uld join in a serious effort to address this problem. I spoke today with Speaker of the House O'Neill, Senate Majority Leader Baker, Senate Minority Leader Byrd, and House Minority Leader Michel. I asked them if they would designate ngressional representatives to meet with representatives of the administration to try to reach prompt agreement on a bipartisan deficit reduction plan. I know it would take a long, hard struggle to agree on a full-scale plan. So, what I have proposed is that we first see if we can agree on a down payment. Now, I believe there is basis for such an agreement, one that uld reduce the deficits by about a hundred billion dollars over the next years. We uld focus on some of the less ntentious spending cuts that are still pending before the Congress. These uld be mbined with measures to close certain tax loopholes, measures that the Treasury Department has previously said to be worthy of support. In addition, we uld examine the possibility of achieving further outlay savings based on the work of the Grace mmission. If the ngressional leadership is willing, my representatives will be prepared to meet with theirs at the earliest possible time. I would hope the leadership might agree on an expedited timetable in which to develop and enact that down payment. But a down payment alone is not enough to break us out of the deficit problem. It uld help us start on the right path. Yet, we must do more. So, I propose that we begin exploring how together we can make structural reforms to curb the built-in growth of spending. I also propose improvements in the budgeting process. Some of our States grant their Governors the right to veto individual items in appropriation bills without having to veto the entire bill. California is one of those States. As Governor, I found this line-item veto was a powerful tool against wasteful or extravagant spending. It works in States. Let's put it to work in Washington for all the people. It would be most effective if done by nstitutional amendment. The majority of Americans approve of such an amendment, just as they and I approve of an amendment mandating a balanced Federal budget. Many States also have this protection in their nstitutions. To talk of meeting the present situation by increasing taxes is a Band-Aid solution which does nothing to cure an illness that's been ming on for half a century—to say nothing of the fact that it poses a real threat to enomic revery. Let's remember that a substantial amount of inme tax is presently owed and not paid by people in the underground enomy. It would be immoral to make those who are paying taxes pay more to mpensate for those who aren't paying their share. There's a better way. Let us go forward with an historic reform for fairness, simplicity, and incentives for growth. I am asking Secretary Don Regan for a plan for action to simplify the entire tax de, so all taxpayers, big and small, are treated more fairly. And I believe such a plan uld result in that underground enomy being brought into the sunlight of honest tax mpliance. And it uld make the tax base broader, so personal tax rates uld me down, not go up. I've asked that specific remmendations, nsistent with those objectives, be presented to me by December . Our send great goal is to build on America's pioneer spirit— laughter] I said something funny? Laughter] I said America's next frontier—and that's to develop that frontier. A sparkling enomy spurs initiatives, sunrise industries, and makes older ones more mpetitive. Nowhere is this more important than our next frontier: space. Nowhere do we so effectively demonstrate our technological leadership and ability to make life better on Earth. The Space Age is barely a quarter of a century old. But already we've pushed civilization forward with our advances in science and technology. Opportunities and jobs will multiply as we cross new thresholds of knowledge and reach deeper into the unknown. Our progress in space—taking giant steps for all mankind—is a tribute to American teamwork and excellence. Our finest minds in government, industry, and academia have all pulled together. And we can be proud to say: We are first; we are the best; and we are so because we're free. America has always been greatest when we dared to be great. We can reach for greatness again. We can follow our dreams to distant stars, living and working in space for peaceful, enomic, and scientific gain. Tonight, I am directing NASA to develop a permanently manned space station and to do it within a decade. A space station will permit quantum leaps in our research in science, mmunications, in metals, and in lifesaving medicines which uld be manufactured only in space. We want our friends to help us meet these challenges and share in their benefits. NASA will invite other untries to participate so we can strengthen peace, build prosperity, and expand freedom for all who share our goals. Just as the oceans opened up a new world for clipper ships and Yankee traders, space holds enormous potential for mmerce today. The market for space transportation uld surpass our capacity to develop it. Companies interested in putting payloads into space must have ready access to private sector launch services. The Department of Transportation will help an expendable launch services industry to get off the ground. We'll soon implement a number of executive initiatives, develop proposals to ease regulatory nstraints, and, with NASA's help, promote private sector investment in space. And as we develop the frontier of space, let us remember our responsibility to preserve our older resources here on Earth. Preservation of our environment is not a liberal or nservative challenge, it's mmon sense. Though this is a time of budget nstraints, I have requested for EPA one of the largest percentage budget increases of any agency. We will begin the long, necessary effort to clean up a productive recreational area and a special national resource—the Chesapeake Bay. To reduce the threat posed by abandoned hazardous waste dumps, EPA will spend million. And I will request a supplemental increase of million. And because the Superfund law expires in , I've asked Bill Ruckelshaus to develop a proposal for its extension so there'll be additional time to mplete this important task. On the question of acid rain, which ncerns people in many areas of the United States and Canada, I'm proposing a research program that doubles our current funding. And we'll take additional action to restore our lakes and develop new technology to reduce pollution that causes acid rain. We have greatly improved the nditions of our natural resources. We'll ask the Congress for million beginning in to acquire new park and nservation lands. The Department of the Interior will enurage careful, selective exploration and production on our vital resources in an Exclusive Enomic Zone within the -mile limit off our asts—but with strict adherence to environmental laws and with fuller State and public participation. But our most precious resources, our greatest hope for the future, are the minds and hearts of our people, especially our children. We can help them build tomorrow by strengthening our mmunity of shared values. This must be our third great goal. For us, faith, work, family, neighborhood, freedom, and peace are not just words; they're expressions of what America means, definitions of what makes us a good and loving people. Families stand at the center of our society. And every family has a personal stake in promoting excellence in education. Excellence does not begin in Washington. A -percent increase in Federal spending on education between and was acmpanied by a steady decline in Scholastic Aptitude Test sres. Excellence must begin in our homes and neighborhood schools, where it's the responsibility of every parent and teacher and the right of every child. Our children me first, and that's why I established a bipartisan National Commission on Excellence in Education, to help us chart a mmonsense urse for better education. And already, mmunities are implementing the Commission's remmendations. Schools are reporting progress in math and reading skills. But we must do more to restore discipline to schools; and we must enurage the teaching of new basics, reward teachers of merit, enforce tougher standards, and put our parents back in charge. I will ntinue to press for tuition tax credits to expand opportunities for families and to soften the double payment for those paying public school taxes and private school tuition. Our proposal would target assistance to low- and middle-inme families. Just as more incentives are needed within our schools, greater mpetition is needed among our schools. Without standards and mpetition, there can be no champions, no rerds broken, no excellence in education or any other walk of life. And while I'm on this subject, each day your Members observe a -year-old tradition meant to signify America is one nation under God. I must ask: If you can begin your day with a member of the clergy standing right here leading you in prayer, then why can't freedom to acknowledge God be enjoyed again by children in every schoolroom across this land? America was founded by people who believed that God was their rock of safety. He is ours. I regnize we must be cautious in claiming that God is on our side, but I think it's all right to keep asking if we're on His side. During our first years, we have joined bipartisan efforts to restore protection of the law to unborn children. Now, I know this issue is very ntroversial. But unless and until it can be proven that an unborn child is not a living human being, can we justify assuming without proof that it isn't? No one has yet offered such proof; indeed, all the evidence is to the ntrary. We should rise above bitterness and reproach, and if Americans uld me together in a spirit of understanding and helping, then we uld find positive solutions to the tragedy of abortion. Enomic revery, better education, rededication to values, all show the spirit of renewal gaining the upper hand. And all will improve family life in the eighties. But families need more. They need assurance that they and their loved ones can walk the streets of America without being afraid. Parents need to know their children will not be victims of child pornography and abduction. This year we will intensify our drive against these and other horrible crimes like sexual abuse and family violence. Already our efforts to crack down on career criminals, organized crime, drugpushers, and to enforce tougher sentences and paroles are having effect. In the crime rate dropped by . percent, the biggest decline since . Protecting victims is just as important as safeguarding the rights of defendants. Opportunities for all Americans will increase if we move forward in fair housing and work to ensure women's rights, provide for equitable treatment in pension benefits and Individual Retirement Acunts, facilitate child care, and enforce delinquent parent support payments. It's not just the home but the workplace and mmunity that sustain our values and shape our future. So, I ask your help in assisting more mmunities to break the bondage of dependency. Help us to free enterprise by permitting debate and voting yes" on our proposal for enterprise zones in America. This has been before you for years. Its passage can help high-unemployment areas by creating jobs and restoring neighborhoods. A society bursting with opportunities, reaching for its future with nfidence, sustained by faith, fair play, and a nviction that good and urageous people will flourish when they're free—these are the secrets of a strong and prosperous America at peace with itself and the world. A lasting and meaningful peace is our fourth great goal. It is our highest aspiration. And our rerd is clear: Americans resort to force only when we must. We have never been aggressors. We have always struggled to defend freedom and democracy. We have no territorial ambitions. We occupy no untries. We build no walls to lock people in. Americans build the future. And our vision of a better life for farmers, merchants, and working people, from the Americas to Asia, begins with a simple premise: The future is best decided by ballots, not bullets. Governments which rest upon the nsent of the governed do not wage war on their neighbors. Only when people are given a personal stake in deciding their own destiny, benefiting from their own risks, do they create societies that are prosperous, progressive, and free. Tonight, it is democracies that offer hope by feeding the hungry, prolonging life, and eliminating drudgery. When it mes to keeping America strong, free, and at peace, there should be no Republicans or Democrats, just patriotic Americans. We can decide the tough issues not by who is right, but by what is right. Together, we can ntinue to advance our agenda for peace. We can establish a more stable basis for peaceful relations with the Soviet Union; strengthen allied relations across the board; achieve real and equitable reductions in the levels of nuclear arms; reinforce our peacemaking efforts in the Middle East, Central America, and southern Africa; or assist developing untries, particularly our neighbors in the Western Hemisphere; and assist in the development of democratic institutions throughout the world. The wisdom of our bipartisan operation was seen in the work of the Swcroft mmission, which strengthened our ability to deter war and protect peace. In that same spirit, I urge you to move forward with the Henry Jackson plan to implement the remmendations of the Bipartisan Commission on Central America. Your joint resolution on the multinational peacekeeping force in Lebanon is also serving the cause of peace. We are making progress in Lebanon. For nearly years, the Lebanese have lived from tragedy to tragedy with no hope for their future. Now the multinational peacekeeping force and our marines are helping them break their cycle of despair. There is hope for a free, independent, and sovereign Lebanon. We must have the urage to give peace a chance. And we must not be driven from our objectives for peace in Lebanon by state-sponsored terrorism. We have seen this ugly specter in Beirut, Kuwait, and Rangoon. It demands international attention. I will forward shortly legislative proposals to help mbat terrorism. And I will be seeking support from our allies for ncerted action. Our NATO alliance is strong. was a banner year for political urage. And we have strengthened our partnerships and our friendships in the Far East. We're mmitted to dialog, deterrence, and promoting prosperity. We'll work with our trading partners for a new round of negotiations in support of freer world trade, greater mpetition, and more open markets. A rebirth of bipartisan operation, of enomic growth, and military deterrence, and a growing spirit of unity among our people at home and our allies abroad underline a fundamental and far-reaching change: The United States is safer, stronger, and more secure in than before. We can now move with nfidence to seize the opportunities for peace, and we will. Tonight, I want to speak to the people of the Soviet Union, to tell them it's true that our governments have had serious differences, but our sons and daughters have never fought each other in war. And if we Americans have our way, they never will. People of the Soviet Union, there is only one sane policy, for your untry and mine, to preserve our civilization in this modern age: A nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought. The only value in our two nations possessing nuclear weapons is to make sure they will never be used. But then would it not be better to do away with them entirely? People of the Soviet, President Dwight Eisenhower, who fought by your side in World War II, said the essential struggle is not merely man against man or nation against nation. It is man against war." Americans are people of peace. If your government wants peace, there will be peace. We can me together in faith and friendship to build a safer and far better world for our children and our children's children. And the whole world will rejoice. That is my message to you. Some days when life seems hard and we reach out for values to sustain us or a friend to help us, we find a person who reminds us what it means to be Americans. Sergeant Stephen Trujillo, a medic in the d Ranger Battalion, th Infantry, was in the first helipter to land at the mpound held by Cuban forces in Grenada. He saw three other helipters crash. Despite the imminent explosion of the burning aircraft, he never hesitated. He ran across yards of open terrain through enemy fire to rescue wounded soldiers. He directed two other medics, administered first aid, and returned again and again to the crash site to carry his wounded friends to safety. Sergeant Trujillo, you and your fellow service men and women not only saved innocent lives; you set a nation free. You inspire us as a force for freedom, not for despotism; and, yes, for peace, not nquest. God bless you. And then there are unsung heroes: single parents, uples, church and civic volunteers. Their hearts carry without mplaint the pains of family and mmunity problems. They soothe our sorrow, heal our wounds, calm our fears, and share our joy. A person like Father Ritter is always there. His Covenant House programs in New York and Houston provide shelter and help to thousands of frightened and abused children each year. The same is true of Dr. Charles Carson. Paralyzed in a plane crash, he still believed nothing is impossible. Today in Minnesota, he works hours a week without pay, helping pioneer the field of mputer-ntrolled walking. He has given hope to , paralyzed Americans that some day they may walk again. How can we not believe in the greatness of America? How can we not do what is right and needed to preserve this last best hope of man on Earth? After all our struggles to restore America, to revive nfidence in our untry, hope for our future, after all our hard-won victories earned through the patience and urage of every citizen, we cannot, must not, and will not turn back. We will finish our job. How uld we do less? We're Americans. Carl Sandburg said, I see America not in the setting sun of a black night of despair I see America in the crimson light of a rising sun fresh from the burning, creative hand of God... I see great days ahead for men and women of will and vision." I've never felt more strongly that America's best days and democracy's best days lie ahead. We're a powerful force for good. With faith and urage, we can perform great deeds and take freedom's next step. And we will. We will carry on the tradition of a good and worthy people who have brought light where there was darkness, warmth where there was ld, medicine where there was disease, food where there was hunger, and peace where there was only bloodshed. Let us be sure that those who me after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that uld be done. We finished the race; we kept them free; we kept the faith. Thank you very much. God bless you, and God bless America. I would like to talk with you this evening about what we can do together—not as Republicans and Democrats, but as Americans-to make tomorrow's America happy and prosperous at home, strong and respected abroad, and at peace in the world. As we gather here tonight, the state of our Union is strong, but our enomy is troubled. For too many of our fellow citizens-farmers, steel and auto workers, lumbermen, black teenagers, working mothers-this is a painful period. We must all do everything in our power to bring their ordeal to an end. It has fallen to us, in our time, to undo damage that was a long time in the making, and to begin the hard but necessary task of building a better future for ourselves and our children. We have a long way to go, but thanks to the urage, patience, and strength of our people, America is on the mend. But let me give you just one important reason why I believe this—it involves many members of this body. Just days ago, after months of debate and deadlock, the bipartisan Commission on Social Security acmplished the seemingly impossible. Social security, as some of us had warned for so long, faced disaster. I, myself, have been talking about this problem for almost years. As began, the system stood on the brink of bankruptcy, a double victim of our enomic ills. First, a decade of rampant inflation drained its reserves as we tried to protect beneficiaries from the spiraling st of living. Then the recession and the sudden end of inflation withered the expanding wage base and increasing revenues the system needs to support the million Americans who depend on it. When the Speaker of the House, the Senate majority leader, and I performed the bipartisan—or formed the bipartisan Commission on Social Security, pundits and experts predicted that party divisions and nflicting interests would prevent the Commission from agreeing on a plan to save social security. Well, sometimes, even here in Washington, the cynics are wrong. Through mpromise and operation, the members of the Commission overcame their differences and achieved a fair, workable plan. They proved that, when it mes to the national welfare, Americans can still pull together for the mmon good. Tonight, I'm especially pleased to join with the Speaker and the Senate majority leader in urging the Congress to enact this plan by Easter. There are elements in it, of urse, that none of us prefers, but taken together it performs a package that all of us can support. It asks for some sacrifice by all—the self-employed, beneficiaries, workers, government employees, and the better-off among the retired—but it imposes an undue burden on none. And, in supporting it, we keep an important pledge to the American people: The integrity of the social security system will be preserved, and no one's payments will be reduced. The Commission's plan will do the job; indeed, it must do the job. We owe it to today's older Americans and today's younger workers. So, before we go any further, I ask you to join with me in saluting the members of the Commission who are here tonight and Senate Majority Leader Howard Baker and Speaker Tip O'Neill for a job well done. I hope and pray the bipartisan spirit that guided you in this endeavor will inspire all of us as we face the challenges of the year ahead. Nearly half a century ago, in this Chamber, another American President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, in his send State of the Union message, urged America to look to the future, to meet the challenge of change and the need for leadership that looks forward, not backward. "Throughout the world," he said, change is the order of the day. In every nation enomic problems long in the making have brought crises to of] many kinds for which the masters of old practice and theory were unprepared." He also reminded us that the future lies with those wise political leaders who realize that the great public is interested more in Government than in politics." So, let us, in these next years—men and women of both parties, every political shade—ncentrate on the long-range, bipartisan responsibilities of government, not the short-range or short-term temptations of partisan politics. The problems we inherited were far worse than most inside and out of government had expected; the recession was deeper than most inside and out of government had predicted. Curing those problems has taken more time and a higher toll than any of us wanted. Unemployment is far too high. Projected Federal spending—if government refuses to tighten its own belt-will also be far too high and uld weaken and shorten the enomic revery now underway. This revery will bring with it a revival of enomic nfidence and spending for nsumer items and capital goods—the stimulus we need to restart our stalled enomic engines. The American people have already stepped up their rate of saving, assuring that the funds needed to modernize our factories and improve our technology will once again flow to business and industry. The inflationary expectations that led to a /-percent interest prime rate and soaring mortgage rates years ago are now reduced by almost half. Leaders have started to realize that double-digit inflation is no longer a way of life. I misspoke there. I should have said lenders." So, interest rates have tumbled, paving the way for revery in vital industries like housing and autos. The early evidence of that revery has started ming in. Housing starts for the fourth quarter of were up percent from a year ago, and housing permits, a sure indicator of future growth, were up a whopping percent. We're witnessing an upsurge of productivity and impressive evidence that American industry will once again beme mpetitive in markets at home and abroad, ensuring more jobs and better inmes for the Nation's work force. But our nfidence must also be tempered by realism and patience. Quick fixes and artificial stimulants repeatedly applied over decades are what brought us the inflationary disorders that we've now paid such a heavy price to cure. The permanent revery in employment, production, and investment we seek won't me in a sharp, short spurt. It'll build carefully and steadily in the months and years ahead. In the meantime, the challenge of government is to identify the things that we can do now to ease the massive enomic transition for the American people. The Federal budget is both a symptom and a cause of our enomic problems. Unless we reduce the dangerous growth rate in government spending, we uld face the prospect of sluggish enomic growth into the indefinite future. Failure to pe with this problem now uld mean as much as a trillion dollars more in national debt in the next years alone. That would average , in additional debt for every man, woman, child, and baby in our nation. To assure a sustained revery, we must ntinue getting runaway spending under ntrol to bring those deficits down. If we don't, the revery will be too short, unemployment will remain too high, and we will leave an unnscionable burden of national debt for our children. That we must not do. Let's be clear about where the deficit problem mes from. Contrary to the drumbeat we've been hearing for the last few months, the deficits we face are not rooted in defense spending. Taken as a percentage of the gross national product, our defense spending happens to be only about four-fifths of what it was in . Nor is the deficit, as some would have it, rooted in tax cuts. Even with our tax cuts, taxes as a fraction of gross national product remain about the same as they were in . The fact is, our deficits me from the unntrolled growth of the budget for domestic spending. During the 's, the share of our national inme devoted to this domestic spending increased by more than percent, from cents out of every dollar produced by the American people to cents. In spite of all our enomies and efficiencies, and without adding any new programs, basic, necessary domestic spending provided for in this year's budget will grow to almost a trillion dollars over the next years. The deficit problem is a clear and present danger to the basic health of our Republic. We need a plan to overme this danger—a plan based on these principles. It must be bipartisan. Conquering the deficits and putting the Government's house in order will require the best effort of all of us. It must be fair. Just as all will share in the benefits that will me from revery, all would share fairly in the burden of transition. It must be prudent. The strength of our national defense must be restored so that we can pursue prosperity and peace and freedom while maintaining our mmitment to the truly needy. And finally, it must be realistic. We can't rely on hope alone. With these guiding principles in mind, let me outline a four-part plan to increase enomic growth and reduce deficits. First, in my budget message, I will remmend a Federal spending freeze. I know this is strong medicine, but so far, we have only cut the rate of increase in Federal spending. The Government has ntinued to spend more money each year, though not as much more as it did in the past. Taken as a whole, the budget I'm proposing for the fiscal year will increase no more than the rate of inflation. In other words, the Federal Government will hold the line on real spending. Now, that's far less than many American families have had to do in these difficult times. I will request that the proposed -month freeze in st-of-living adjustments remmended by the bipartisan Social Security Commission be applied to other government-related retirement programs. I will, also, propose a -year freeze on a broad range of domestic spending programs, and for Federal civilian and military pay and pension programs. And let me say right here, I'm sorry, with regard to the military, in asking that of them, because for so many years they have been so far behind and so low in reward for what the men and women in uniform are doing. But I'm sure they will understand that this must be across the board and fair. Send, I will ask the Congress to adopt specific measures to ntrol the growth of the so-called unntrollable spending programs. These are the automatic spending programs, such as food stamps, that cannot be simply frozen and that have grown by over percent since . They are the largest single cause of the built-in or structural deficit problem. Our standard here will be fairness, ensuring that the taxpayers' hard-earned dollars go only to the truly needy; that none of them are turned away, but that fraud and waste are stamped out. And I'm sorry to say, there's a lot of it out there. In the food stamp program alone, last year, we identified almost ]. billion in overpayments. The taxpayers aren't the only victims of this kind of abuse. The truly needy suffer as funds intended for them are taken not by the needy, but by the greedy. For everyone's sake, we must put an end to such waste and rruption. Third, I will adjust our program to restore America's defenses by proposing billion in defense savings over the next years. These are savings remmended to me by the Secretary of Defense, who has assured me they can be safely achieved and will not diminish our ability to negotiate arms reductions or endanger America's security. We will not gamble with our national survival. And fourth, because we must ensure reduction and eventual elimination of deficits over the next several years, I will propose a standby tax, limited to no more than percent of the gross national product, to start in fiscal . It would last no more than years, and it would start only if the Congress has first approved our spending freeze and budget ntrol program. And there are several other nditions also that must be met, all of them in order for this program to be triggered. Now, you uld say that this is an insurance policy for the future, a remedy that will be at hand if needed but only resorted to if absolutely necessary. In the meantime, we'll ntinue to study ways to simplify the tax de and make it more fair for all Americans. This is a goal that every American who's ever struggled with a tax form can understand. At the same time, however, I will oppose any efforts to undo the basic tax reforms that we've already enacted, including the -percent tax break ming to taxpayers this July and the tax indexing which will protect all Americans from inflationary bracket creep in the years ahead. Now, I realize that this four-part plan is easier to describe than it will be to enact. But the looming deficits that hang over us and over America's future must be reduced. The path I've outlined is fair, balanced, and realistic. If enacted, it will ensure a steady decline in deficits, aiming toward a balanced budget by the end of the decade. It's the only path that will lead to a strong, sustained revery. Let us follow that path together. No domestic challenge is more crucial than providing stable, permanent jobs for all Americans who want to work. The revery program will provide jobs for most, but others will need special help and training for new skills. Shortly, I will submit to the Congress the Employment Act of , designed to get at the special problems of the long-term unemployed, as well as young people trying to enter the job market. I'll propose extending unemployment benefits, including special incentives to employers who hire the long-term unemployed, providing programs for displaced workers, and helping federally funded and State-administered unemployment insurance programs provide workers with training and relocation assistance. Finally, our proposal will include new incentives for summer youth employment to help young people get a start in the job market. We must offer both short-term help and long-term hope for our unemployed. I hope we can work together on this. I hope we can work together as we did last year in enacting the landmark Job Training Partnership Act. Regulatory reform legislation, a responsible clean air act, and passage of enterprise zone legislation will also create new incentives for jobs and opportunity. One of out of every five jobs in our untry depends on trade. So, I will propose a broader strategy in the field of international trade—one that increases the openness of our trading system and is fairer to America's farmers and workers in the world marketplace. We must have adequate export financing to sell American products overseas. I will ask for new negotiating authority to remove barriers and to get more of our products into foreign markets. We must strengthen the organization of our trade agencies and make changes in our domestic laws and international trade policy to promote free trade and the increased flow of American goods, services, and investments. Our trade position can also be improved by making our port system more efficient. Better, more active harbors translate into stable jobs in our alfields, railroads, trucking industry, and ports. After years of debate, it's time for us to get together and enact a port modernization bill. Education, training, and retraining are fundamental to our success as are research and development and productivity. Labor, management, and government at all levels can and must participate in improving these tools of growth. Tax policy, regulatory practices, and government programs all need nstant reevaluation in terms of our mpetitiveness. Every American has a role and a stake in international trade. We Americans are still the technological leaders in most fields. We must keep that edge, and to do so we need to begin renewing the basics—starting with our educational system. While we grew mplacent, others have acted. Japan, with a population only about half the size of ours, graduates from its universities more engineers than we do. If a child doesn't receive adequate math and science teaching by the age of , he or she has lost the chance to be a scientist or an engineer. We must join together-parents, teachers, grass roots groups, organized labor, and the business mmunity-to revitalize American education by setting a standard of excellence. In we seek four major education goals: a quality education initiative to enurage a substantial upgrading of math and science instruction through block grants to the States; establishment of education savings acunts that will give middle and lower-inme families an incentive to save for their children's llege education and, at the same time, enurage a real increase in savings for enomic growth; passage of tuition tax credits for parents who want to send their children to private or religiously affiliated schools; a nstitutional amendment to permit voluntary school prayer. God should never have been expelled from America's classrooms in the first place. Our mmitment to fairness means that we must assure legal and enomic equity for women, and eliminate, once and for all, all traces of unjust discrimination against women from the United States Code. We will not tolerate wage discrimination based on sex, and we intend to strengthen enforcement of child support laws to ensure that single parents, most of whom are women, do not suffer unfair financial hardship. We will also take action to remedy inequities in pensions. These initiatives will be joined by others to ntinue our efforts to promote equity for women. Also in the area of fairness and equity, we will ask for extension of the Civil Rights Commission, which is due to expire this year. The Commission is an important part of the ongoing struggle for justice in America, and we strongly support its reauthorization. Effective enforcement of our nation's fair housing laws is also essential to ensuring equal opportunity. In the year ahead, we'll work to strengthen enforcement of fair housing laws for all Americans. The time has also me for major reform of our criminal justice statutes and acceleration of the drive against organized crime and drug trafficking. It's high time that we make our cities safe again. This administration hereby declares an all-out war on big-time organized crime and the drug racketeers who are poisoning our young people. We will also implement remmendations of our Task Force on Victims of Crime, which will report to me this week. American agriculture, the envy of the world, has beme the victim of its own successes. With one farmer now producing enough food to feed himself and other people, America is nfronted with rerd surplus crops and mmodity prices below the st of production. We must strive, through innovations like the payment-in-kind crop swap approach and an aggressive export policy, to restore health and vitality to rural America. Meanwhile, I have instructed the Department of Agriculture to work individually with farmers with debt problems to help them through these tough times. Over the past year, our Task Force on Private Sector Initiatives has successfully forged a working partnership involving leaders of business, labor, education, and government to address the training needs of American workers. Thanks to the Task Force, private sector initiatives are now underway in all States of the Union, and thousands of working people have been helped in making the shift from dead-end jobs and low-demand skills to the growth areas of high technology and the service enomy. Additionally, a major effort will be focused on enuraging the expansion of private mmunity child care. The new advisory uncil on private sector initiatives will carry on and extend this vital work of enuraging private initiative in . In the ming year, we will also act to improve the quality of life for Americans by curbing the skyrocketing st of health care that is beming an unbearable financial burden for so many. And we will submit legislation to provide catastrophic illness insurance verage for older Americans. I will also shortly submit a mprehensive federalism proposal that will ntinue our efforts to restore to States and local governments their roles as dynamic laboratories of change in a creative society. During the next several weeks, I will send to the Congress a series of detailed proposals on these and other topics and look forward to working with you on the development of these initiatives. So far, now, I've ncentrated mainly on the problems posed by the future. But in almost every home and workplace in America, we're already witnessing reason for great hope—the first flowering of the manmade miracles of high technology, a field pioneered and still led by our untry. To many of us now, mputers, silin chips, data processing, cybernetics, and all the other innovations of the dawning high technology age are as mystifying as the workings of the mbustion engine must have been when that first Model T rattled down Main Street, U.S.A. But as surely as America's pioneer spirit made us the industrial giant of the th century, the same pioneer spirit today is opening up on another vast front of opportunity, the frontier of high technology. In nquering the frontier we cannot write off our traditional industries, but we must develop the skills and industries that will make us a pioneer of tomorrow. This administration is mmitted to keeping America the technological leader of the world now and into the st century. But let us turn briefly to the international arena. America's leadership in the world came to us because of our own strength and because of the values which guide us as a society: free elections, a free press, freedom of religious choice, free trade unions, and above all, freedom for the individual and rejection of the arbitrary power of the state. These values are the bedrock of our strength. They unite us in a stewardship of peace and freedom with our allies and friends in NATO, in Asia, in Latin America, and elsewhere. They are also the values which in the recent past some among us had begun to doubt and view with a cynical eye. Fortunately, we and our allies have redisvered the strength of our mmon democratic values, and we're applying them as a rnerstone of a mprehensive strategy for peace with freedom. In London last year, I announced the mmitment of the United States to developing the infrastructure of democracy throughout the world. We intend to pursue this democratic initiative vigorously. The future belongs not to governments and ideologies which oppress their peoples, but to democratic systems of self-government which enurage individual initiative and guarantee personal freedom. But our strategy for peace with freedom must also be based on strength—enomic strength and military strength. A strong American enomy is essential to the well-being and security of our friends and allies. The restoration of a strong, healthy American enomy has been and remains one of the central pillars of our foreign policy. The progress I've been able to report to you tonight will, I know, be as warmly welmed by the rest of the world as it is by the American people. We must also regnize that our own enomic well-being is inextricably linked to the world enomy. We export over percent of our industrial production, and percent of our farmland produces for export. We will ntinue to work closely with the industrialized democracies of Europe and Japan and with the International Monetary Fund to ensure it has adequate resources to help bring the world enomy back to strong, noninflationary growth. As the leader of the West and as a untry that has beme great and rich because of enomic freedom, America must be an unrelenting advocate of free trade. As some nations are tempted to turn to protectionism, our strategy cannot be to follow them, but to lead the way toward freer trade. To this end, in May of this year America will host an enomic summit meeting in Williamsburg, Virginia. As we begin our third year, we have put in place a defense program that redeems the neglect of the past decade. We have developed a realistic military strategy to deter threats to peace and to protect freedom if deterrence fails. Our Armed Forces are finally properly paid; after years of neglect are well trained and beming better equipped and supplied. And the American uniform is once again worn with pride. Most of the major systems needed for modernizing our defenses are already underway, and we will be addressing one key system, the MX missile, in nsultation with the Congress in a few months. America's foreign policy is once again based on bipartisanship, on realism, strength, full partnership, in nsultation with our allies, and nstructive negotiation with potential adversaries. From the Middle East to southern Africa to Geneva, American diplomats are taking the initiative to make peace and lower arms levels. We should be proud of our role as peacemakers. In the Middle East last year, the United States played the major role in ending the tragic fighting in Lebanon and negotiated the withdrawal of the PLO from Beirut. Last September, I outlined principles to carry on the peace process begun so promisingly at Camp David. All the people of the Middle East should know that in the year ahead we will not flag in our efforts to build on that foundation to bring them the blessings of peace. In Central America and the Caribbean Basin, we are likewise engaged in a partnership for peace, prosperity, and democracy. Final passage of the remaining portions of our Caribbean Basin Initiative, which passed the House last year, is one of this administration's top legislative priorities for . The security and enomic assistance policies of this administration in Latin America and elsewhere are based on realism and represent a critical investment in the future of the human race. This undertaking is a joint responsibility of the executive and legislative branches, and I'm unting on the operation and statesmanship of the Congress to help us meet this essential foreign policy goal. At the heart of our strategy for peace is our relationship with the Soviet Union. The past year saw a change in Soviet leadership. We're prepared for a positive change in Soviet-American relations. But the Soviet Union must show by deeds as well as words a sincere mmitment to respect the rights and sovereignty of the family of nations. Responsible members of the world mmunity do not threaten or invade their neighbors. And they restrain their allies from aggression. For our part, we're vigorously pursuing arms reduction negotiations with the Soviet Union. Supported by our allies, we've put forward draft agreements proposing significant weapon reductions to equal and verifiable lower levels. We insist on an equal balance of forces. And given the overwhelming evidence of Soviet violations of international treaties ncerning chemical and biological weapons, we also insist that any agreement we sign can and will be verifiable. In the case of intermediate-range nuclear forces, we have proposed the mplete elimination of the entire class of land-based missiles. We're also prepared to carefully explore serious Soviet proposals. At the same time, let me emphasize that allied steadfastness remains a key to achieving arms reductions. With firmness and dedication, we'll ntinue to negotiate. Deep down, the Soviets must know it's in their interest as well as ours to prevent a wasteful arms race. And once they regnize our unshakable resolve to maintain adequate deterrence, they will have every reason to join us in the search for greater security and major arms reductions. When that moment mes—and I'm nfident that it will—we will have taken an important step toward a more peaceful future for all the world's people. A very wise man, Bernard Baruch, once said that America has never forgotten the nobler things that brought her into being and that light her path. Our untry is a special place, because we Americans have always been sustained, through good times and bad, by a noble vision—a vision not only of what the world around us is today but what we as a free people can make it be tomorrow. We're realists; we solve our problems instead of ignoring them, no matter how loud the chorus of despair around us. But we're also idealists, for it was an ideal that brought our ancestors to these shores from every rner of the world. Right now we need both realism and idealism. Millions of our neighbors are without work. It is up to us to see they aren't without hope. This is a task for all of us. And may I say, Americans have rallied to this cause, proving once again that we are the most generous people on Earth. We who are in government must take the lead in restoring the enomy. Applause] And here all that time, I thought you were reading the paper. Laughter] The single thing—the single thing that can start the wheels of industry turning again is further reduction of interest rates. Just another or points can mean tens of thousands of jobs. Right now, with inflation as low as it is, . percent, there is room for interest rates to me down. Only fear prevents their reduction. A lender, as we know, must charge an interest rate that revers the depreciated value of the dollars loaned. And that depreciation is, of urse, the amount of inflation. Today, interest rates are based on fear—fear that government will resort to measures, as it has in the past, that will send inflation zooming again. We who serve here in this Capital must erase that fear by making it absolutely clear that we will not stop fighting inflation; that, together, we will do only those things that will lead to lasting enomic growth. Yes, the problems nfronting us are large and forbidding. And, certainly, no one can or should minimize the plight of millions of our friends and neighbors who are living in the bleak emptiness of unemployment. But we must and can give them good reason to be hopeful. Back over the years, citizens like ourselves have gathered within these walls when our nation was threatened; sometimes when its very existence was at stake. Always with urage and mmon sense, they met the crises of their time and lived to see a stronger, better, and more prosperous untry. The present situation is no worse and, in fact, is not as bad as some of those they faced. Time and again, they proved that there is nothing we Americans cannot achieve as free men and women. Yes, we still have problems—plenty of them. But it's just plain wrong—unjust to our untry and unjust to our people—to let those problems stand in the way of the most important truth of all: America is on the mend. We owe it to the unfortunate to be aware of their plight and to help them in every way we can. No one can quarrel with that. We must and do have mpassion for all the victims of this enomic crisis. But the big story about America today is the way that millions of nfident, caring people-those extraordinary ordinary" Americans who never make the headlines and will never be interviewed—are laying the foundation, not just for revery from our present problems but for a better tomorrow for all our people. From ast to ast, on the job and in classrooms and laboratories, at new nstruction sites and in churches and mmunity groups, neighbors are helping neighbors. And they've already begun the building, the research, the work, and the giving that will make our untry great again. I believe this, because I believe in them-in the strength of their hearts and minds, in the mmitment that each one of them brings to their daily lives, be they high or humble. The challenge for us in government is to be worthy of them—to make government a help, not a hindrance to our people in the challenging but promising days ahead. "If we do that, if we care what our children and our children's children will say of us, if we want them one day to be thankful for what we did here in these temples of freedom, we will work together to make America better for our having been here-not just in this year or this decade but in the next century and beyond.   Thank you, and God bless you." Today marks my first State of the Union address to you, a nstitutional duty as old as our Republic itself. President Washington began this tradition in after reminding the Nation that the destiny of self-government and the preservation of the sacred fire of liberty" is finally staked on the experiment entrusted to the hands of the American people." For our friends in the press, who place a high premium on accuracy, let me say: I did not actually hear George Washington say that. Laughter] But it is a matter of historic rerd. Laughter] But from this podium, Winston Churchill asked the free world to stand together against the onslaught of aggression. Franklin Delano Roosevelt spoke of a day of infamy and summoned a nation to arms. Douglas MacArthur made an unforgettable farewell to a untry he loved and served so well. Dwight Eisenhower reminded us that peace was purchased only at the price of strength. And John F. Kennedy spoke of the burden and glory that is freedom. When I visited this Chamber last year as a newmer to Washington, critical of past policies which I believed had failed, I proposed a new spirit of partnership between this Congress and this administration and between Washington and our State and local governments. In forging this new partnership for America, we uld achieve the oldest hopes of our Republic—prosperity for our nation, peace for the world, and the blessings of individual liberty for our children and, someday, for all of humanity. It's my duty to report to you tonight on the progress that we have made in our relations with other nations, on the foundation we've carefully laid for our enomic revery, and finally, on a bold and spirited initiative that I believe can change the face of American government and make it again the servant of the people. Seldom have the stakes been higher for America. What we do and say here will make all the difference to autoworkers in Detroit, lumberjacks in the Northwest, steelworkers in Steubenville who are in the unemployment lines; to black teenagers in Newark and Chicago; to hard-pressed farmers and small businessmen; and to millions of everyday Americans who harbor the simple wish of a safe and financially secure future for their children. To understand the state of the Union, we must look not only at where we are and where we're going but where we've been. The situation at this time last year was truly ominous. The last decade has seen a series of recessions. There was a recession in , in , and again in the spring of . Each time, unemployment increased and inflation soon turned up again. We ined the word stagflation" to describe this. Government's response to these recessions was to pump up the money supply and increase spending. In the last months of , as an example, the money supply increased at the fastest rate in postwar history— percent. Inflation remained in double digits, and government spending increased at an annual rate of percent. Interest rates reached a staggering . percent. There were million unemployed. Late in we sank into the present recession, largely because ntinued high interest rates hurt the auto industry and nstruction. And there was a drop in productivity, and the already high unemployment increased. This time, however, things are different. We have an enomic program in place, mpletely different from the artificial quick fixes of the past. It calls for a reduction of the rate of increase in government spending, and already that rate has been cut nearly in half. But reduced spending the first and smallest phase of a -year tax rate reduction designed to stimulate the enomy and create jobs. Already interest rates are down to / percent, but they must still go lower. Inflation is down from . percent to ., and for the month of December it was running at an annualized rate of . percent. If we had not acted as we did, things would be far worse for all Americans than they are today. Inflation, taxes, and interest rates would all be higher. A year ago, Americans' faith in their governmental process was steadily declining. Six out of Americans were saying they were pessimistic about their future. A new kind of defeatism was heard. Some said our domestic problems were unntrollable, that we had to learn to live with this seemingly endless cycle of high inflation and high unemployment. There were also pessimistic predictions about the relationship between our administration and this Congress. It was said we uld never work together. Well, those predictions were wrong. The rerd is clear, and I believe that history will remember this as an era of American renewal, remember this administration as an administration of change, and remember this Congress as a Congress of destiny. Together, we not only cut the increase in government spending nearly in half, we brought about the largest tax reductions and the most sweeping changes in our tax structure since the beginning of this century. And because we indexed future taxes to the rate of inflation, we took away government's built-in profit on inflation and its hidden incentive to grow larger at the expense of American workers.- Together, after years of taking power away from the hands of the people in their States and local mmunities, we have started returning power and resources to them. "Together, we have cut the growth of new Federal regulations nearly in half. In there were , fewer pages in the Federal Register, which lists new regulations, than there were in . By deregulating oil we've me closer to achieving energy independence and helped bring down the st of gasoline and heating fuel. Together, we have created an effective Federal strike force to mbat waste and fraud in government. In just months it has saved the taxpayers more than billion, and it's only getting started." Together we've begun to mobilize the private sector, not to duplicate wasteful and discredited government programs, but to bring thousands of Americans into a volunteer effort to help solve many of America's social problems. Together we've begun to restore that margin of military safety that ensures peace. Our untry's uniform is being worn once again with pride. Together we have made a New Beginning, but we have only begun. No one pretends that the way ahead will be easy. In my Inaugural Address last year, I warned that the ills we suffer have me upon us over several decades. They will not go away in days, weeks, or months, but they will go away because we as Americans have the capacity now, as we've had it in the past, to do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom." The enomy will face difficult moments in the months ahead. But the program for enomic revery that is in place will pull the enomy out of its slump and put us on the road to prosperity and stable growth by the latter half of this year. And that is why I can report to you tonight that in the near future the state of the Union and the enomy will be better—much better—if we summon the strength to ntinue on the urse that we've charted. And so, the question: If the fundamentals are in place, what now? Well, two things. First, we must understand what's happening at the moment to the enomy. Our current problems are not the product of the revery program that's only just now getting underway, as some would have you believe; they are the inheritance of decades of tax and tax and spend and spend. Send, because our enomic problems are deeply rooted and will not respond to quick political fixes, we must stick to our carefully integrated plan for revery. That plan is based on four mmonsense fundamentals: ntinued reduction of the growth in Federal spending; preserving the individual and business tax reductions that will stimulate saving and investment; removing unnecessary Federal regulations to spark productivity; and maintaining a healthy dollar and a stable monetary policy, the latter a responsibility of the Federal Reserve System. The only alternative being offered to this enomic program is a return to the policies that gave us a trillion-dollar debt, runaway inflation, runaway interest rates and unemployment. The doubters would have us turn back the clock with tax increases that would offset the personal tax rate reductions already passed by this Congress. Raise present taxes to cut future deficits, they tell us. Well, I don't believe we should buy that argument. There are too many imponderables for anyone to predict deficits or surpluses several years ahead with any degree of accuracy. The budget in place, when I took office, had been projected as balanced. It turned out to have one of the biggest deficits in history. Another example of the imponderables that can make deficit projections highly questionable—a change of only one percentage point in unemployment can alter a deficit up or down by some billion. As it now stands, our forecast, which we're required by law to make, will show major deficits starting at less than a hundred billion dollars and declining, but still too high. More important, we're making progress with the three keys to reducing deficits: enomic growth, lower interest rates, and spending ntrol. The policies we have in place will reduce the deficit steadily, surely, and in time, mpletely. Higher taxes would not mean lower deficits. If they did, how would we explain that tax revenues more than doubled just since ; yet in that same -year period we ran the largest series of deficits in our history. In tax revenues increased by billion, and in we had one of our all-time biggest deficits. Raising taxes won't balance the budget; it will enurage more government spending and less private investment. Raising taxes will slow enomic growth, reduce production, and destroy future jobs, making it more difficult for those without jobs to find them and more likely that those who now have jobs uld lose them. So, I will not ask you to try to balance the budget on the backs of the American taxpayers. I will seek no tax increases this year, and I have no intention of retreating from our basic program of tax relief. I promise to bring the American people—to bring their tax rates down and to keep them down, to provide them incentives to rebuild our enomy, to save, to invest in America's future. I will stand by my word. Tonight I'm urging the American people: Seize these new opportunities to produce, to save, to invest, and together we'll make this enomy a mighty engine of freedom, hope, and prosperity again. Now, the budget deficit this year will exceed our earlier expectations. The recession did that. It lowered revenues and increased sts. To some extent, we're also victims of our own success. We've brought inflation down faster than we thought we uld, and in doing this, we've deprived government of those hidden revenues that occur when inflation pushes people into higher inme tax brackets. And the ntinued high interest rates last year st the government about billion more than anticipated. We must cut out more nonessential government spending and rout out more waste, and we will ntinue our efforts to reduce the number of employees in the Federal work force by ,. The budget plan I submit to you on February th will realize major savings by dismantling the Departments of Energy and Education and by eliminating ineffective subsidies for business. We'll ntinue to redirect our resources to our two highest budget priorities—a strong national defense to keep America free and at peace and a reliable safety net of social programs for those who have ntributed and those who are in need. Contrary to some of the wild charges you may have heard, this administration has not and will not turn its back on America's elderly or America's poor. Under the new budget, funding for social insurance programs will be more than double the amount spent only years ago. But it would be foolish to pretend that these or any programs cannot be made more efficient and enomical. The entitlement programs that make up our safety net for the truly needy have worthy goals and many deserving recipients. We will protect them. But there's only one way to see to it that these programs really help those whom they were designed to help. And that is to bring their spiraling sts under ntrol. Today we face the absurd situation of a Federal budget with three-quarters of its expenditures routinely referred to as unntrollable." And a large part of this goes to entitlement programs. Committee after mmittee of this Congress has heard witness after witness describe many of these programs as poorly administered and rife with waste and fraud. Virtually every American who shops in a local supermarket is aware of the daily abuses that take place in the food stamp program, which has grown by , percent in the last years. Another example is Medicare and Medicaid—programs with worthy goals but whose sts have increased from . billion to almost billion, more than times as much, in just years. Waste and fraud are serious problems. Back in Federal investigators testified before one of your mmittees that rruption has permeated virtually every area of the Medicare and Medicaid health care industry." One official said many of the people who are cheating the system were very nfident that nothing was going to happen to them." Well, something is going to happen. Not only the taxpayers are defrauded; the people with real dependency on these programs are deprived of what they need, because available resources are going not to the needy, but to the greedy. The time has me to ntrol the unntrollable. In August we made a start. I signed a bill to reduce the growth of these programs by billion over the next years while at the same time preserving essential services for the truly needy. Shortly you will receive from me a message on further reforms we intend to install—some new, but others long remmended by your own ngressional mmittees. I ask you to help make these savings for the American taxpayer. The savings we propose in entitlement programs will total some billion over Years and will, without affecting social t security, go a long way toward bringing Federal spending under ntrol. But don't be fooled by those who proclaim that spending cuts will deprive the elderly, the needy, and the helpless. The. Federal Government will still subsidize million meals every day. That's one out of seven of all the meals served in America. Head Start, senior nutrition programs, and child welfare programs will not be cut from the levels we proposed last year. More than one-half billion dollars has been proposed for minority business assistance. And research at the National Institute of Health will be increased by over million. While meeting all these needs, we intend to plug unwarranted tax loopholes and strengthen the law which requires all large rporations to pay a minimum tax. I am nfident the enomic program we've put into operation will protect the needy while it triggers a revery that will benefit all Americans. It will stimulate the enomy, result in increased savings and provide capital for expansion, mortgages for homebuilding, and jobs for the unemployed. Now that the essentials of that program are in place, our next major undertaking must be a program—just as bold, just as innovative—to make government again acuntable to the people, to make our system of federalism work again. Our citizens feel they've lost ntrol of even the most basic decisions made about the essential services of government, such as schools, welfare, roads, and even garbage llection. And they're right. A maze of interlocking jurisdictions and levels of government nfronts average citizens in trying to solve even the simplest of problems. They don't know where to turn for answers, who to hold acuntable, who to praise, who to blame, who to vote for or against. The main reason for this is the overpowering growth of Federal grants-in-aid programs during the past few decades. In the Federal Government had categorical grant programs, sting billion. When I took office, there were approximately , sting nearly a hundred billion dollars— programs for energy, for pollution ntrol, for social services, for education. And here in the Congress, it takes at least mmittees just to try to keep track of them. "You know and I know that neither the President nor the Congress can properly oversee this jungle of grants-in-aid; indeed, the growth of these grants has led to the distortion in the vital functions of government. As one Democratic Governor put it recently: The National Government should be worrying about "arms ntrol, not potholes."" The growth in these Federal programs has—in the words of one intergovernmental mmission—made the Federal Government "more pervasive, more intrusive, more unmanageable, more ineffective and stly, and above all, more un] acuntable."" Let's solve this problem with a single, bold stroke: the return of some billion in Federal programs to State and local government, together with the means to finance them and a transition period of nearly years to avoid unnecessary disruption." I will shortly send this Congress a message describing this program. I want to emphasize, however, that its full details will have been worked out only after close nsultation with ngressional, State, and local officials. Starting in fiscal , the Federal Government will assume full responsibility for the st of the rapidly growing Medicaid program to go along with its existing responsibility for Medicare. As part of a financially equal swap, the States will simultaneously take full responsibility for Aid to Families with Dependent Children and food stamps. This will make welfare less stly and more responsive to genuine need, because it'll be designed and administered closer to the grass roots and the people it serves. In the Federal Government will apply the full proceeds from certain excise taxes to a grass roots trust fund that will belong in fair shares to the States. The total amount flowing into this fund will be billion a year. Over the next years the States can use this money in either of two ways. If they want to ntinue receiving Federal grants in such areas as transportation, education, and social services, they can use their trust fund money to pay for the grants. Or to the extent they choose to forgo the Federal grant programs, they can use their trust fund money on their own for those or other purposes. There will be a mandatory pass-through of part of these funds to local governments. By the States will be in mplete ntrol of over Federal grant programs. The trust fund will start to phase out, eventually to disappear, and the excise taxes will be turned over to the States. They can then preserve, lower, or raise taxes on their own and fund and manage these programs as they see fit. In a single stroke we will be acmplishing a realignment that will end cumbersome administration and spiraling sts at the Federal level while we ensure these programs will be more responsive to both the people they're meant to help and the people who pay for them. Hand in hand with this program to strengthen the discretion and flexibility of State and local governments, we're proposing legislation for an experimental effort to improve and develop our depressed urban areas in the 's and 's. This legislation will permit States and localities to apply to the Federal Government for designation as urban enterprise zones. A broad range of special enomic incentives in the zones will help attract new business, new jobs, new opportunity to America's inner cities and rural towns. Some will say our mission is to save free enterprise. Well, I say we must free enterprise so that together we can save America. Some will also say our States and local mmunities are not up to the challenge of a new and creative partnership. Well, that might have been true years ago before reforms like reapportionment and the Voting Rights Act, the -year extension of which I strongly support. It's no longer true today. This administration has faith in State and local governments and the nstitutional balance envisioned by the Founding Fathers. We also believe in the integrity, decency, and sound, good sense of grass roots Americans. Our faith in the American people is reflected in another major endeavor. Our private sector initiatives task force is seeking out successful mmunity models of school, church, business, union, foundation, and civic programs that help mmunity needs. Such groups are almost invariably far more efficient than government in running social programs. We're not asking them to replace discarded and often discredited government programs dollar for dollar, service for service. We just want to help them perform the good works they choose and help others to profit by their example. Three hundred and eighty-five thousand rporations and private organizations are already working on social programs ranging from drug rehabilitation to job training, and thousands more Americans have written us asking how they can help. The volunteer spirit is still alive and well in America. Our nation's long journey towards civil rights for all our citizens—once a source of disrd, now a source of pride—must ntinue with no backsliding or slowing down. We must and shall see that those basic laws that guarantee equal rights are preserved and, when necessary, strengthened. Our ncern for equal rights for women is firm and unshakable. We launched a new Task Force on Legal Equity for Women and a Fifty States Project that will examine State laws for discriminatory language. And for the first time in our history, a woman sits on the highest urt in the land. So, too, the problem of crime—one as real and deadly serious as any in America today. It demands that we seek transformation of our legal system, which overly protects the rights of criminals while it leaves society and the innocent victims of crime without justice. We look forward to the enactment of a responsible clean air act to increase jobs while ntinuing to improve the quality of our air. We're enuraged by the bipartisan initiative of the House and are hopeful of further progress as the Senate ntinues its deliberations. So far, I've ncentrated largely, now, on domestic matters. To view the state of the Union in perspective, we must not ignore the rest of the world. There isn't time tonight for a lengthy treatment of social—or foreign policy, I should say, a subject I intend to address in detail in the near future. A few words, however, are in order on the progress we've made over the past year, reestablishing respect for our nation around the globe and some of the challenges and goals that we will approach in the year ahead. At Ottawa and Cancun, I met with leaders of the major industrial powers and developing nations. Now, some of those I met with were a little surprised that I didn't apologize for America's wealth. Instead, I spoke of the strength of the free marketplace system and how that system uld help them realize their aspirations for enomic development and political freedom. I believe lasting friendships were made, and the foundation was laid for future operation. In the vital region of the Caribbean Basin, we're developing a program of aid, trade, and investment incentives to promote self-sustaining growth and a better, more secure life for our neighbors to the south. Toward those who would export terrorism and subversion in the Caribbean and elsewhere, especially Cuba and Libya, we will act with firmness. Our foreign policy is a policy of strength, fairness, and balance. By restoring America's military credibility, by pursuing peace at the negotiating table wherever both sides are willing to sit down in good faith, and by regaining the respect of America's allies and adversaries alike, we have strengthened our untry's position as a force for peace and progress in the world. When action is called for, we're taking it. Our sanctions against the military dictatorship that has attempted to crush human rights in Poland—and against the Soviet regime behind that military dictatorship-clearly demonstrated to the world that America will not nduct business as usual" with the forces of oppression. If the events in Poland ntinue to deteriorate, further measures will follow. Now, let me also note that private American groups have taken the lead in making January th a day of solidarity with the people of Poland. So, too, the European Parliament has called for March st to be an international day of support for Afghanistan. Well, I urge all peace-loving peoples to join together on those days, to raise their voices, to speak and pray for freedom. Meanwhile, we're working for reduction of arms and military activities, as I announced in my address to the Nation last November th. We have proposed to the Soviet Union a far-reaching agenda for mutual reduction of military forces and have already initiated negotiations with them in Geneva on intermediate-range nuclear forces. In those talks it is essential that we negotiate from a position of strength. There must be a real incentive for the Soviets to take these talks seriously. This requires that we rebuild our defenses. In the last decade, while we sought the moderation of Soviet power through a process of restraint and acmmodation, the Soviets engaged in an unrelenting buildup of their military forces. The protection of our national security has required that we undertake a substantial program to enhance our military forces. We have not neglected to strengthen our traditional alliances in Europe and Asia, or to develop key relationships with our partners in the Middle East and other untries. Building a more peaceful world requires a sound strategy and the national resolve to back it up. When radical forces threaten our friends, when enomic misfortune creates nditions of instability, when strategically vital parts of the world fall under the shadow of Soviet power, our response can make the difference between peaceful change or disorder and violence. That's why we've laid such stress not only on our own defense but on our vital foreign assistance program. Your recent passage of the Foreign Assistance Act sent a signal to the world that America will not shrink from making the investments necessary for both peace and security. Our foreign policy must be rooted in realism, not naivete or self-delusion. A regnition of what the Soviet empire is about is the starting point. Winston Churchill, in negotiating with the Soviets, observed that they respect only strength and resolve in their dealings with other nations. That's why we've moved to renstruct our national defenses. We intend to keep the peace. We will also keep our freedom. We have made pledges of a new frankness in our public statements and worldwide broadcasts. In the face of a climate of falsehood and misinformation, we've promised the world a season of truth—the truth of our great civilized ideas: individual liberty, representative government, the rule of law under God. We've never needed walls or minefields or barbed wire to keep our people in. Nor do we declare martial law to keep our people from voting for the kind of government they want. Yes, we have our problems; yes, we're in a time of recession. And it's true, there's no quick fix, as I said, to instantly end the tragic pain of unemployment. But we will end it. The process has already begun, and we'll see its effect as the year goes on. We speak with pride and admiration of that little band of Americans who overcame insuperable odds to set this nation on urse years ago. But our glory didn't end with them. Americans ever since have emulated their deeds. We don't have to turn to our history books for heroes. They're all around us. One who sits among you here tonight epitomized that heroism at the end of the longest imprisonment ever inflicted on men of our Armed Forces. Who will ever forget that night when we waited for television to bring us the scene of that first plane landing at Clark Field in the Philippines, bringing our POW's home? The plane door opened and Jeremiah Denton came slowly down the ramp. He caught sight of our flag, saluted it, said, God bless America," and then thanked us for bringing him home. Just weeks ago, in the midst of a terrible tragedy on the Potomac, we saw again the spirit of American heroism at its finest—the heroism of dedicated rescue workers saving crash victims from icy waters. And we saw the heroism of one of our young government employees, Lenny Skutnik, who, when he saw a woman lose her grip on the helipter line, dived into the water and dragged her to safety. And then there are untless, quiet, everyday heroes of American life--parents who sacrifice long and hard so their children will know a better life than they've known; church and civic volunteers who help to feed, clothe, nurse, and teach the needy; millions who've made our nation and our nation's destiny so very special-unsung heroes who may not have realized their own dreams themselves but then who reinvest those dreams in their children. Don't let anyone tell you that America's best days are behind her, that the American spirit has been vanquished. We've seen it triumph too often in our lives to stop believing in it now. A hundred and twenty years ago, the greatest of all our Presidents delivered his send State of the Union message in this Chamber. We cannot escape history," Abraham Linln warned. We of this Congress and this administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves." The trial through which we pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to the latest last] generation." "Well, that President and that Congress did not fail the American people. Together they weathered the storm and preserved the Union. Let it be said of us that we, too, did not fail; that we, too, worked together to bring America through difficult times. Let us so nduct ourselves that two centuries from now, another Congress and another President, meeting in this Chamber as we are meeting, will speak of us with pride, saying that we met the test and preserved for them in their day the sacred flame of liberty—this last, best hope of man on Earth. God bless you, and thank you." The State of the Union is sound. Our enomy is revering from a recession. A national energy plan is in place and our dependence on foreign oil is decreasing. We have been at peace for four uninterrupted years. But, our Nation has serious problems. Inflation and unemployment are unacceptably high. The world oil market is increasingly tight. There are trouble spots throughout the world, and American hostages are being held in Iran against international law and against every precept of human affairs. However, I firmly believe that, as a result of the progress made in so many domestic and international areas over the past four years, our Nation is stronger, wealthier, more mpassionate and freer than it was four years ago. I am proud of that fact. And I believe the Congress should be proud as well, for so much of what has been acmplished over the past four years has been due to the hard work, insights and operation of Congress. I applaud the Congress for its efforts and its achievements. In this State of the Union Message I want to reunt the achievements and progress of the last four years and to offer remmendations to the Congress for this year. While my term as President will end before the th Congress begins its work in earnest, I hope that my remmendations will serve as a guide for the direction this untry should take so we build on the rerd of the past four years. RECORD OF PROGRESS When I took office, our Nation faced a number of serious domestic and international problems: • no national energy policy existed, and our dependence on foreign oil was rapidly increasing; • public trust in the integrity and openness of the government was low; • the Federal government was operating inefficiently in administering essential programs and policies; • major social problems were being ignored or poorly addressed by the Federal government; • our defense posture was declining as a result of a defense budget which was ntinuously shrinking in real terms; • the strength of the NATO Alliance needed to be bolstered; • tensions between Israel and Egypt threatened another Middle East war; and • America's resolve to oppose human rights violations was under serious question. Over the past months, clear progress has been made in solving the challenges we found in January of : • almost all of our mprehensive energy program have been enacted, and the Department of Energy has been established to administer the program; • nfidence in the government's integrity has been restored, and respect for the government's openness and fairness has been renewed; • the government has been made more effective and efficient: the Civil Service system was mpletely reformed for the first time this century; reorganization initiatives have been proposed to the Congress, approved, and implemented; two new Cabinet departments have been created to nsolidate and streamline the government's handling of energy and education problems; inspectors general have been placed in each Cabinet department to mbat fraud, waste and other abuses; the regulatory process has been reformed through creation of the Regulatory Council, implementation of Executive Order and its requirement for st-impact analyses, elimination of unnecessary regulation, and passage of the Regulatory Flexibility Act; procedures have been established to assure citizen participation in government; and the airline, trucking, rail and mmunications industries are being deregulated; • critical social problems, many long ignored by the Federal government, have been addressed directly; an urban policy was developed and implemented to reverse the decline in our urban areas; the Social Security System was refinanced to put it on a sound financial basis; the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act was enacted; Federal assistance for education was expanded by more than percent; the minimum wage was increased to levels needed to ease the effects of inflation; affirmative action has been pursued aggressively-more blacks, Hispanics and women have been appointed to senior government positions and to judgeships than at any other time in our history; the ERA ratification deadline was extended to aid the ratification effort; and minority business procurement by the Federal government has more than doubled; • the Nation's first sectoral policies were put in place, for the auto and steel industries, with my Administration demonstrating the value of operation between the government, business and labor; • reversing previous trends, real defense spending has increased every year since ; the real increase in FY defense spending is well above percent and I expect FY defense spending to be even higher; looking ahead, the defense program I am proposing is premised on a real increase in defense spending over the next five years of percent or more; • the NATO Alliance has proven its unity in responding to the situations in Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia and in agreeing on the issues to be addressed in the review of the Helsinki Final Act currently underway in Madrid; • the peace process in the Middle East established at Camp David and by the Peace Treaty between Egypt and Israel is being buttressed on two fronts: steady progress in the normalization of Egyptian-Israeli relations in many fields, and the mmitment of both Egypt and Israel, with United States' assistance, to see through to successful nclusion the autonomy negotiations for the West Bank and Gaza; • the Panama Canal Treaties have been put into effect, which has helped to improve relations with Latin America; • we have ntinued this Nation's strong mmitment to the pursuit of human rights throughout the world, evenhandedly and objectively; our mmitment to a worldwide human rights policy has remained firm; and many other untries have given high priority to it; • our resolve to oppose aggression, such as the illegal invasion of the Soviet Union into Afghanistan, has been supported by tough action. "I. ENSURING ECONOMIC STRENGTH      ECONOMY" During the last decade our Nation has withstood a series of enomic shocks unprecedented in peacetime. The most dramatic of these has been the explosive increases of OPEC oil prices. But we have also faced world mmodity shortages, natural disasters, agricultural shortages and major challenges to world peace and security. Our ability to deal with these shocks has been impaired because of a decrease in the growth of productivity and the persistence of underlying inflationary forces built up over the past years. Nevertheless, the enomy has proved to be remarkably resilient. Real output has grown at an average rate of percent per year since I took office, and employment has grown by percent. We have added about million productive private sector jobs to the enomy. However, unacceptably high inflation—the most difficult enomic problem I have faced—persists. This inflation—which threatens the growth, productivity, and stability of our enomy—requires that we restrain the growth of the budget to the maximum extent nsistent with national security and human mpassion. I have done so in my earlier budgets, and in my FY budget. However, while restraint is essential to any appropriate enomic policy, high inflation cannot be attributed solely to government spending. The growth in budget outlays has been more the result of enomic factors than the cause of them. We are now in the early stages of enomic revery following a short recession. Typically, a post-recessionary period has been marked by vigorous enomic growth aided by anti-recessionary policy measures such as large tax cuts or big, stimulation spending programs. I have declined to remmend such actions to stimulate enomic activity, because the persistent inflationary pressures that beset our enomy today dictate a restrained fiscal policy. Acrdingly, I am asking the Congress to postpone until January , , the personal tax reductions I had earlier proposed to take effect on January of this year. However, my budget proposes significant tax changes to increase the sources of financing for business investment. While emphasizing the need for ntinued fiscal restraint, this budget takes the first major step in a long-term tax reduction program designed to increase capital formation. The failure of our Nation's capital stock to grow at a rate that keeps pace with its labor force has clearly been one cause of our productivity slowdown. Higher investment rates are also critically needed to meet our Nation's energy needs, and to replace energy-inefficient plants and equipment with new energy-saving physical plants. The level of investment that is called for will not occur in the absence of policies to enurage it. Therefore, my budget proposes a major liberalization of tax allowances for depreciation, as well as simplified depreciation acunting, increasing the allowable rates by about percent. I am also proposing improvements in the investment tax credit, making it refundable, to meet the investment needs of firms with no current earnings. These two proposals, along with carefully-phased tax reductions for individuals, will improve both enomic efficiency and tax equity. I urge the Congress to enact legislation along the lines and timetable I have proposed. THE BUDGET The FY budget I have sent to the Congress ntinues our four-year policy of prudence and restraint. While the budget deficits during my term are higher than I would have liked, their size is determined for the most part by enomic nditions. And in spite of these nditions, the relative size of the deficit ntinues to decline. In , before I took office, the budget deficit equalled percent of gross national product. It had been cut to . percent in the fiscal year just ended. My budget ntains a deficit estimated to be less than percent of our gross national product. The rate of growth in Federal spending has been held to a minimum. Nevertheless, outlays are still rising more rapidly than many had anticipated, the result of many powerful forces in our society: We face a threat to our security, as events in Afghanistan, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe make clear. We have a steadily aging population and, as a resuit, the biggest single increase in the Federal budget is the rising st of retirement programs, particularly social security. We face other important domestic needs: to ntinue responsibility for the disadvantaged; to provide the capital needed by our cities and our transportation systems; to protect our environment; to revitalize American industry; and to increase the export of American goods and services so essential to the creation of jobs and a trade surplus. Yet the Federal Government itself may not always be the proper source of such assistance. For example, it must not usurp functions if they can be more appropriately decided upon, managed, and financed by the private sector or by State and local governments. My Administration has always sought to nsider the proper focus of responsibility for the most efficient resolution of problems. We have also regnized the need to simplify the system of grants to State and local governments. I have again proposed several grant nsolidations in the budget, including a new proposal that would nsolidate several highway programs. The pressures for growth in Federal use of national resources are great. My Administration has initiated many new approaches to pe with these pressures. We started a multi-year budget system, and we began a system for ntrolling Federal credit programs. Yet in spite of increasing needs to limit spending growth, we have nsistently adhered to these strong budget principles: • Our Nation's armed forces must always stand sufficiently strong to deter aggression and to assure our security. • An effective national energy plan is essential to increase domestic production of oil and gas, to enurage nservation of our scarce energy resources, to stimulate nversion to more abundant fuels, and to reduce our trade deficit. • The essential human needs for our citizens must be given the highest priority. • The Federal Government must lead the way in investment in the Nation's technological future. • The Federal Government has an obligation to nurture and protect our environment-the mmon resource, birthright, and sustenance of the American people. My budget ntinues to support these principles. It also proposes responsible tax reductions to enurage a more productive enomy, and adequate funding of our highest priority programs within an overall policy of nstraint. Fiscal restraint must be ntinued in the years ahead. Budgets must be tight enough to nvince those who set wages and prices that the Federal Government is serious about fighting inflation but not so tight as to choke off all growth. Careful budget policy should be supplemented by other measures designed to reduce inflation at lower st in lost output and employment. These other steps include measures to increase investment-such as the tax proposals included in my budget—and measures to increase mpetition and productivity in our enomy. Voluntary inmes policies can also directly influence wages and prices in the direction of moderation and thereby bring inflation down faster and at lower st to the enomy. Through a tax-based inmes policy TIP) we uld provide tax incentives for firms and workers to moderate their wage and price increases. In the ming years, ntrol of Federal expenditures can make possible periodic tax reductions. The Congress should therefore begin now to evaluate the potentialities of a TIP program so that when the next round of tax reductions is appropriate a TIP program will be seriously nsidered. EMPLOYMENT During the last four years we have given top priority to meeting the needs of workers and providing additional job opportunities to those who seek work. Since the end of : • almost million new jobs have been added to the nation's enomy "• total employment has reached million. More jobs than ever before are held by women, minorities and young people. Employment over the past four years has increased by:   —% for adult women   —% for blacks, and   —% for Hispanics" • employment of black teenagers increased by more than reversing the decline that occurred in the previous eight years. Major initiatives launched by this Administration helped bring about these acmplishments and have provided a solid foundation for employment and training policy in the 's. In , as part of the mprehensive enomic stimulus program: • , public service jobs were created • A billion youth employment initiative funded , jobs • the doubling of the Job Corps to , slots began and I million summer youth jobs were approved—a percent increase. In : • the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act became law • the million Private Sector Initiatives Program was begun • a targeted jobs tax credit for disadvantaged youth and others with special employment barriers was enacted • the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act was reauthorized for four years. In : • a billion welfare reform proposal was introduced with funding for , public service jobs • welfare reform demonstration projects were launched in mmunities around the untry • the Vice President initiated a nationwide review of youth unemployment in this untry. In : • the findings of the Vice President's Task Force revealed the major education and employment deficits that exist for poor and minority youngsters. As a result a billion youth education and jobs initiative was introduced to provide unemployed youth with the basic education and work experience they need to mpete in the labor market of the 's. • As part of the enomic revitalization program several steps were proposed to aid workers in high unemployment mmunities: —an additional weeks of unemployment benefits for the long term unemployed. — million to train the disadvantaged and unemployed for new private sector jobs. —positive adjustment demonstrations to aid workers in declining industries. • The important Title VII Private Sector Initiatives Program was reauthorized for an additional two years. In addition to making significant progress in helping the disadvantaged and unemployed, important gains were realized for all workers: • an historic national acrd with organized labor made it possible for the views of working men and women to be heard as the nation's enomic and domestic policies were formulated. • the Mine Safety and Health Act brought about improved working nditions for the nation's , miners. • substantial reforms of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration were acmplished to help reduce unnecessary burdens on business and to focus on major health and safety problems. • the minimum wage was increased over a four year period from . to . an hour. • the Black Lung Benefit Reform Act was signed into law. • attempts to weaken the Davis-Ban Act were defeated. While substantial gains have been made in the last four years, ntinued efforts are required to ensure that this progress is ntinued: • government must ntinue to make labor a full partner in the policy decisions that affect the interests of working men and women • a broad, bipartisan effort to mbat youth unemployment must be sustained • mpassionate reform of the nation's welfare system should be ntinued with employment opportunities provided for those able to work • workers in declining industries should be provided new skills and help in finding employment TRADE Over the past year, the U.S. trade picture improved as a result of solid export gains in both manufactured and agricultural products. Agricultural exports reached a new rerd of over billion, while manufactured exports have grown by percent to a rerd billion. In these areas the United States rerded significant surpluses of billion and billion respectively. While our oil imports remained a major drain on our foreign exchange earnings, that drain was somewhat moderated by a percent decline in the volume of oil imports. U.S. trade negotiators made significant progress over the past year in assuring effective implementation of the agreements negotiated during the Tokyo Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations. Agreements reached with the Japanese government, for example, will assure that the United States will be able to expand its exports to the Japanese market in such key areas as telemmunications equipment, tobac, and lumber. Efforts by U.S. trade negotiators also helped to persuade a number of key developing untries to accept many of the non-tariff des negotiated during the Multilateral Trade Negotiations. This will assure that these untries will increasingly assume obligations under the international trading system. A difficult world enomic environment posed a challenge for the management of trade relations. U.S. trade negotiators were called upon to manage serious sectoral problems in such areas as steel, and helped to assure that U.S. chemical exports will have ntinued access to the European market. Close nsultations with the private sector in the United States have enabled U.S. trade negotiators to pinpoint obstacles to U.S. trade in services, and to build a basis for future negotiations. Services have been an increasingly important source of export earnings for the United States, and the United States must assure ntinued and increased access to foreign markets. The trade position of the United States has improved. But vigorous efforts are needed in a number of areas to assure ntinued market access for U.S. exports, particularly agricultural and high technology products, in which the United States ntinues to have a strong mpetitive edge. Continued efforts are also needed to remove many domestic disincentives, which now hamper U.S. export growth. And we must ensure that untries do not manipulate investment, or impose investment performance requirements which distort trade and st us jobs in this untry. In short, we must ntinue to seek free—but fair—trade. That is the policy my Administration has pursued from the beginning, even in areas where foreign mpetition has clearly affected our domestic industry. In the steel industry, for instance, we have put a Trigger Price Mechanism into place to help prevent the dumping of steel. That action has strengthened the domestic steel industry. In the automobile industry, we have worked—without resort to import quotas—to strengthen the industry's ability to modernize and mpete effectively. SMALL BUSINESS I have often said that there is nothing small about small business in America. These firms acunt for nearly one-half our gross national product; over half of new technology; and much more than half of the jobs created by industry. Because this sector of the enomy is the very lifeblood of our National enomy, we have done much together to improve the mpetitive climate for smaller firms. These ncerted efforts have been an integral part of my program to revitalize the enomy. They include my campaign to shrink substantially the cash and time nsuming red tape burden imposed on business. They include my personally-directed policy of ambitiously increasing the Federal ntracting dollars going to small firms, especially those owned by women and minorities. And they include my proposals to reinvigorate existing small businesses and assist the creation of new ones through tax reform; financing assistance; market expansion; and support of product innovation. Many of my initiatives to facilitate the creation and growth of small businesses were made in response to the White House Conference on Small Business, which I nvened. My Administration began the implementation of most of the ideas produced last year by that citizen's advisory body; others need to be addressed. I have proposed the renvening of the Conference next year to review progress; reassess priorities; and set new goals. In the interim I hope that the inming Administration and the new Congress will work with the mmittee I have established to keep these business development ideas alive and help implement Conference remmendations. MINORITY BUSINESS One of the most successful developments of my Administration has been the growth and strengthening of minority business. This is the first Administration to put the issue on the policy agenda as a matter of major importance. To implement the results of our early efforts in this field I submitted legislation to Congress designed to further the development of minority business. We have reorganized the Office of Minority Business into the Minority Business Development Administration in the Department of Commerce. MBDA has already proven to be a major factor in assisting minority businesses to achieve equitable mpetitive positions in the marketplace. The Federal government's procurement from minority-owned firms has nearly tripled since I took office. Federal deposits in minority-owned banks have more than doubled and minority ownership of radio and television stations has nearly doubled. The SBA administered (a) Pilot Program for procurement with the Army proved to be successful and I recently expanded the number of agencies involved to include NASA and the Departments of Energy and Transportation. I firmly believe the critical path to full freedom and equality for America's minorities rests with the ability of minority mmunities to participate mpetitively in the free enterprise system. I believe the government has a fundamental responsibility to assist in the development of minority business and I hope the progress made in the last four years will ntinue. II. CREATING ENERGY SECURITY Since I took office, my highest legislative priorities have involved the reorientation and redirection of U.S. energy activities and for the first time, to establish a ordinated national energy policy. The struggle to achieve that policy has been long and difficult, but the acmplishments of the past four years make clear that our untry is finally serious about the problems caused by our overdependence on foreign oil. Our progress should not be lost. We must rely on and enurage multiple forms of energy production—al, crude oil, natural gas, solar, nuclear, synthetics—and energy nservation. The framework put in place over the last four years will enable us to do this. NATIONAL ENERGY POLICY As a result of actions my Administration and the Congress have taken over the past four years, our untry finally has a national energy policy: • Under my program of phased dentrol, domestic crude oil price ntrols will end September , . As a result exploratory drilling activities have reached an all-time high; • Prices for new natural gas are being dentrolled under the Natural Gas Policy Act—and natural gas production is now at an all time high; the supply shortages of several years ago have been eliminated; • The windfall profits tax on crude oil has been enacted providing billion over ten years for assistance to low-inme households, increased mass transit funding, and a massive investment in the production and development of alternative energy sources; • The Synthetic Fuels Corporation has been established to help private mpanies build the facilities to produce energy from synthetic fuels; • Solar energy funding has been quadrupled, solar energy tax credits enacted, and a Solar Energy and Energy Conservation Bank has been established; • A route has been chosen to bring natural gas from the North Slope of Alaska to the lower states; • Coal production and nsumption incentives have been increased, and al production is now at its highest level in history; • A gasoline rationing plan has been approved by Congress for possible use in the event of a severe energy supply shortage or interruption; • Gasohol production has been dramatically increased, with a program being put in place to produce million gallons of alhol fuel by the end of this year—an amount that uld enable gasohol to meet the demand for percent of all unleaded gasoline; • New energy nservation incentives have been provided for individuals, businesses and mmunities and nservation has increased dramatically. The U.S. has reduced oil imports by percent—or million barrels per day—over the past four years. "INCREASED DEVELOPMENT OF DOMESTIC      ENERGY SOURCES" Although it is essential that the Nation reduce its dependence on imported fossil fuels and mplete the transition to reliance on domestic renewable sources of energy, it is also important that this transition be acmplished in an orderly, enomic, and environmentally sound manner. To this end, the Administration has launched several initiatives. Leasing of oil and natural gas on federal lands, particularly the outer ntinental shelf, has been accelerated at the same time as the Administration has reformed leasing procedures through the amendments to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. In the Interior Department held six OCS lease sales, the greatest number ever, which resulted in federal receipts of . billion, another rerd. The five-year OCS Leasing schedule was mpleted, requiring sales over the next five years. Since no general federal al lease sales were suspended. Over the past four years the Administration has mpletely revised the federal al leasing program to bring it into mpliance with the requirements of Federal Land Planning and Management Act and other statutory provisions. The program is designed to balance the mpeting interests that affect resource development on public lands and to ensure that adequate supplies of al will be available to meet national needs. As a result, the first general mpetitive federal al lease sale in ten years will be held this month. In July , I signed into law the Energy Security Act of which established the Synthetic Fuels Corporation. The Corporation is designed to spur the development of mmercial technologies for production of synthetic fuels, such as liquid and gaseous fuels from al and the production of oil from oil shale. The Act provides the Corporation with an initial billion to acmplish these objectives. The principal purpose of the legislation is to ensure that the nation will have available in the late 's the option to undertake mmercial development of synthetic fuels if that bemes necessary. The Energy Security Act also provides significant incentives for the development of gasohol and biomass fuels, thereby enhancing the nation's supply of alternative energy sources. "COMMITMENT TO A SUSTAINABLE ENERGY      FUTURE" The Administration's National Energy Plan marked an historic departure from the policies of previous Administrations. The plan stressed the importance of both energy production and nservation to achieving our ultimate national goal of relying primarily on secure sources of energy. The National Energy Plan made energy nservation a rnerstone of our national energy policy. In , I initiated the Administration's Solar Domestic Policy Review. This represented the first step towards widespread introduction of renewable energy sources into the Nation's enomy. As a result of the Review, I issued the Solar Message to Congress, the first such message in the Nation's history. The Message outlined the Administration's solar program and established an ambitious national goal for the year of obtaining percent of this Nation's energy from solar and renewable sources. The thrust of the federal solar program is to help industry develop solar energy sources by emphasizing basic research and development of solar technologies which are not currently enomic, such as photovoltaics, which generate energy directly from the sun. At the same time, through tax incentives, education, and the Solar Energy and Energy Conservation Bank, the solar program seeks to enurage state and local governments, industry, and our citizens to expand their use of solar and renewable resource technologies currently available. As a result of these policies and programs, the energy efficiency of the American enomy has improved markedly and investments in renewable energy sources have grown significantly. It now takes ¼ percent less energy to produce a nstant dollar of GNP than it did in January . This increase in efficiency represents a savings of over . million barrels per day of oil equivalent, about the level of total oil production now occurring in Alaska. Over the same period, Federal support for nservation and solar energy has increased by more than percent, to . billion in FY , including the tax credits for solar energy and energy nservation investments—these credits are expected to amount to . billion in FY and . billion in FY . "COMMITMENT TO NUCLEAR SAFETY AND   SECURITY" Since January , significant progress has been achieved in resolving three critical problems resulting from the use of nuclear energy: radioactive waste management, nuclear safety and weapons proliferation. In , the Administration announced its nuclear nonproliferation policy and initiated the International Fuel Cycle Evaluation. In , Congress passed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Act, an historic piece of legislation. In February , the Administration transmitted its nuclear waste management policy to the Congress. This policy was a major advance over all previous efforts. The principal aspects of that policy are: acknowledging the seriousness of the problem and the numerous technical and institutional issues; adopting a technically and environmentally nservative approach to the first permanent repository; and providing the states with significant involvement in nuclear waste disposal decisions by creating the State Planning Council. While much of the plan can be and is being implemented administratively, some new authorities are needed. The Congress should give early priority to enacting provisions for away-from-reactor storage and the State Planning Council. The accident at Three Mile Island made the nation acutely aware of the safety risks posed by nuclear power plants. In response, the President established the Kemeny Commission to review the accident and make remmendations. Virtually all of the Commission's substantive remmendations were adopted by the Administration and are now being implemented by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. The Congress adopted the President's proposed plan for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Nuclear Safety Oversight Committee was established to ensure that the Administration's decisions were implemented. Nuclear safety will remain a vital ncern in the years ahead. We must ntinue to press ahead for the safe, secure disposal of radioactive wastes, and prevention of nuclear proliferation. While significant growth in foreign demand for U.S. steam al is foreseen, ngestion must be removed at major U.S. al exporting ports such as Hampton Roads, Virginia, and Baltimore, Maryland. My Administration has worked through the Interagency Coal Task Force Study to promote operation and ordination of resources between shippers, railroads, vessel broker/operators and port operators, and to determine the most appropriate Federal role in expanding and modernizing al export facilities, including dredging deeper channels at selected ports. As a result of the Task Force's efforts, administrative steps have been taken by the Corps of Engineers to reduce significantly the amount of time required for planning and enomic review of port dredging proposals. The Administration has also remmended that the Congress enact legislation to give the President generic authority to remmend appropriations for channel dredging activities. Private industry will, of urse, play the major role in developing the United States' al export facilities, but the government must ntinue to work to facilitate transportation to foreign markets. "III. ENHANCING BASIC HUMAN AND      SOCIAL NEEDS" For too long prior to my Administration, many of our Nation's basic human and social needs were being ignored or handled insensitively by the Federal government. Over the last four years, we have significantly increased funding for many of the vital programs in these areas; developed new programs where needs were unaddressed; targeted Federal support to those individuals and areas most in need of our assistance; and removed barriers that have unnecessarily kept many disadvantaged citizens from obtaining aid for their most basic needs. Our rerd has produced clear progress in the effort to solve some of the untry's fundamental human and social problems. My Administration and the Congress, working together, have demonstrated that government must and can meet our citizens' basic human and social needs in a responsible and mpassionate way. But there is an unfinished agenda still before the Congress. If we are to meet our obligations to help all Americans realize the dreams of sound health care, decent housing, effective social services, a good education, and a meaningful job, important legislation still must be enacted. National Health Insurance, Welfare Reform, Child Health Assessment Program, are before the Congress and I urge their passage. "Health      NATIONAL HEALTH PLAN" During my Administration, I proposed to Congress a National Health Plan which will enable the untry to reach the goal of mprehensive, universal health care verage. The legislation I submitted lays the foundation for this mprehensive plan and addresses the most serious problems of health financing and delivery. It is realistic and enactable. It does not overpromise or overspend, and, as a result, can be the solution to the thirty years of Congressional battles on national health insurance. My Plan includes the following key features: • nearly million additional poor would receive fully-subsidized mprehensive verage; • pre-natal and delivery services are provided for all pregnant women and verage is provided for all acute care for infants in their first year of life; • the elderly and disabled would have a limit of , placed on annual out-of-pocket medical expenses and would no longer face limits on hospital verage; • all full-time employees and their families would receive insurance against at least major medical expenses under mandated employer verage; • Medicare and Medicaid would be mbined and expanded into an umbrella Federal program, Healthcare, for increased program efficiency, acuntability and uniformity; and • strong st ntrols and health system reforms would be implemented, including greater incentives for Health Maintenance Organizations. I urge the new Congress to mpare my Plan with the alternatives—programs which either do too little to improve the health care needs of Americans most in need or programs which would impose substantial financial burdens on the American taxpayers. I hope the Congress will see the need for and the benefits of my Plan and work toward prompt enactment. We cannot afford further delay in this vital area. HEALTH CARE COST CONTROL Inflation in health care sts remains unacceptably high. Throughout my Administration, legislation to reduce health care st inflation was one of my highest priorities, but was not passed by the Congress. Therefore, my FY budget proposes sharing the responsibility for health care st ntrol with the private sector, through voluntary hospital st guidelines and intensified monitoring. In the longer term, the health care reimbursement system must be reformed. We must move away from inflationary st-based reimbursement and fee-for-service, and toward a system of prospective reimbursement, under which health care providers would operate within predetermined budgets. This reimbursement reform is essential to ultimately ntrol inflation in health care sts, and will be a significant challenge to the new Congress. "HEALTH PROMOTION AND DISEASE      PREVENTION" During my Administration, the Surgeon General released Healthy People, a landmark report on health promotion and disease prevention. The report signals the growing nsensus that the Nation's health strategy must be refocused in the 's to emphasize the prevention of disease. Specifically, the report lays out measurable and achievable goals in the reduction of mortality which can be reached by . I urge the new Congress to endorse the principles of Healthy People, and to adopt the remmendations to achieve its goals. This will necessitate adoption of a broader ncept of health care, to include such areas as environmental health, workplace health and safety, mmercial product safety, traffic safety, and health education, promotion and information. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH Ensuring a healthy start in life for children remains not only a high priority of my Administration, but also one of the most st effective forms of health care. When I took office, immunization levels for preventable childhood diseases had fallen to %. As a result of a ncerted nationwide effort during my Administration, I am pleased to report that now at least % of children under , and virtually all school-age children are immunized. In addition, reported cases of measles and mumps are at their lowest levels ever. Under the National Health Plan I have proposed, there would be no st-sharing for prenatal and delivery services for all pregnant women and for acute care provided to infants in their first year of life. These preventive services have extremely high returns in terms of improved newborn and long-term child health. Under the Child Health Assurance Program CHAP) legislation which I submitted to the Congress, and which passed the House, an additional two million low inme children under would beme eligible for Medicaid benefits, which would include special health assessments. CHAP would also improve the ntinuity of care for the nearly million children now eligible for Medicaid. An additional , low-inme pregnant women would beme eligible for prenatal care under the proposal. I strongly urge the new Congress to enact CHAP and thereby provide millions of needy children with essential health services. The legislation has had strong bipartisan support, which should ntinue as the details of the bill are mpleted. I also urge the new Congress to provide strong support for two highly successful ongoing programs: the special supplemental food program for women, infants and children WIC) and Family Planning. The food supplements under WIC have been shown to effectively prevent ill health and thereby reduce later medical sts. The Family Planning program has been effective at reducing unwanted pregnancies among low-inme women and adolescents. "EXPANSION OF SERVICES TO THE POOR      AND UNDERSERVED" During my Administration, health services to the poor and underserved have been dramatically increased. The number of National Health Service Corps NHSC) assignees providing services in medically underserved mmunities has grown from in to nearly , in . The population served by the NHSC has more than tripled since . The number of Community Health Centers providing services in high priority underserved areas has doubled during my Administration, and will serve an estimated six million people in . I strongly urge the new Congress to support these highly successful programs. MENTAL HEALTH One of the most significant health achievements during my Administration was the recent passage of the Mental Health Systems Act, which grew out of remmendations of my Commission on Mental Health. I join many others in my gratitude to the First Lady for her tireless and effective ntribution to the passage of this important legislation. The Act is designed to inaugurate a new era of Federal and State partnership in the planning and provision of mental health services. In addition, the Act specifically provides for prevention and sup. port services to the chronically mentally ill to prevent unnecessary institutionalization and for the development of mmunity-based mental health services. I urge the new Congress to provide adequate support for the full and timely implementation of this Act. HEALTH PROTECTION With my active support, the Congress recently passed Medigap" legislation, which provides for voluntary certification of health insurance policies supplemental to Medicare, to curb widespread abuses in this area. In the area of toxic agent ntrol, legislation which I submitted to the Congress recently passed. This will provide for a super-fund" to ver hazardous waste cleanup sts. In the area of accidental injury ntrol, we have established automobile safety standards and increased enforcement activities with respect to the MPH speed limit. By the end of the decade these actions are expected to save over , lives and , serious injuries each year. I urge the new Congress to ntinue strong support for all these activities. FOOD AND NUTRITION Building on the mprehensive reform of the Food Stamp Program that I proposed and Congress passed in , my Administration and the Congress worked together in and to enact several other important changes in the Program. These changes will further simplify administration and reduce fraud and error, will make the program more responsive to the needs of the elderly and disabled, and will increase the cap on allowable program expenditures. The Food Stamp Act will expire at the end of fiscal . It is essential that the new Administration and the Congress ntinue this program to ensure mplete eradication of the debilitating malnutrition witnessed and documented among thousands of children in the 's. DRUG ABUSE PREVENTION At the beginning of my Administration there were over a half million heroin addicts in the United States. Our ntinued emphasis on reducing the supply of heroin, as well as providing treatment and rehabilitation to its victims, has reduced the heroin addict population, reduced the number of heroin overdose deaths by and reduced the number of heroin related injuries by %. We have also seen and enuraged a national movement of parents and citizens mmitted to reversing the very serious and disturbing trends of adolescent drug abuse. Drug abuse in many forms will ntinue to detract, however, from the quality of life of many Americans. To prevent that, I see four great challenges in the years ahead. First, we must deal aggressively with the supplies of illegal drugs at their source, through joint crop destruction programs with foreign nations and increased law enforcement and border interdiction. Send, we must look to citizens and parents across the untry to help educate the increasing numbers of American youth who are experimenting with drugs to the dangers of drug abuse. Education is a key factor in reducing drug abuse. Third, we must focus our efforts on drug and alhol abuse in the workplace for not only does this abuse ntribute to low productivity but it also destroys the satisfaction and sense of purpose all Americans can gain from the work experience. Fourth, we need a change in attitude, from an attitude which ndones the casual use of drugs to one that regnizes the appropriate use of drugs for medical purposes and ndemns the inappropriate and harmful abuse of drugs. I hope the Congress and the new Administration will take action to meet each of these challenges. Education The American people have always regnized that education is one of the soundest investments they can make. The dividends are reflected in every dimension of our national life—from the strength of our enomy and national security to the vitality of our music, art, and literature. Among the acmplishments that have given me the most satisfaction over the last four years are the ntributions that my Administration has been able to make to the well-being of students and educators throughout the untry. This Administration has llaborated successfully with the Congress on landmark education legislation. Working with the Congressional leadership, my Administration spotlighted the importance of education by creating a new Department of Education. The Department has given education a stronger voice at the Federal level, while at the same time reserving the actual ntrol and operation of education to states, localities, and private institutions. The Department has successfully mbined nearly Federal education programs into a hesive, streamlined organization that is more responsive to the needs of educators and students. The Department has made strides to cut red tape and paperwork and thereby to make the flow of Federal dollars to school districts and institutions of higher education more efficient. It is crucial that the Department be kept intact and strengthened. Our llaboration with the Congress has resulted in numerous other important legislative acmplishments for education. A little over two years ago, I signed into law on the same day two major bills—one benefiting elementary and sendary education and the other, postsendary education. The Education Amendments of embodied nearly all of my Administration's proposals for improvements in the Elementary and Sendary Education Act, including important new programs to improve students' achievement in the basic skills and to aid school districts with exceptionally high ncentrations of children from low-inme families. The Middle Inme Student Assistance Act, legislation jointly sponsored by this Administration and the Congressional leadership, expanded eligibility for need-based Basic Educational Opportunity Grants to approximately one-third of the students enrolled in postsendary education and made many more students eligible for the first time for other types of grants, work-study, and loans. Just three and a half months ago, my Administration and the Congress successfully ncluded over two years of work on a major reauthorization bill that further expands benefits to postsendary education. Reflected in the Education Amendments of are major Administration remmendations for improvements in the Higher Education Act—including proposals for better loan access for students; a new parent loan program; simplified application procedures for student financial aid; a strengthened Federal mmitment to developing lleges, particularly the historically Black institutions; a new authorization for equipment and facilities modernization funding for the nation's major research universities; and revitalized international education programs. Supplementing these legislative acmplishments have been important administrative actions aimed at reducing paperwork and simplifying regulations associated with Federal education programs. We also launched major initiatives to reduce the backlog of defaulted student loans and otherwise to curb fraud, abuse, and waste in education programs. To insure that the education enterprise is ready to meet the scientific and technological changes of the future, we undertook a major study of the status of science and engineering education throughout the nation. I hope that the findings from this report will serve as a springboard for needed reforms at all levels of education. I am proud that this Administration has been able to provide the financial means to realize many of our legislative and administrative goals. Compared to the previous administration's last budget, I have requested the largest overall increase in Federal funding for education in our nation's history. My budget requests have been particularly sensitive to the needs of special populations like minorities, women, the educationally and enomically disadvantaged, the handicapped, and students with limited English-speaking ability. At the same time, I have requested significant increases for many programs designed to enhance the quality of American education, including programs relating to important areas as diverse as international education, research libraries, museums, and teacher centers. Last year, I proposed to the Congress a major legislative initiative that would direct billion into education and job training programs designed to alleviate youth unemployment through improved linkages between the schools and the work place. This legislation generated bipartisan support; but unfortunately, action on it was not mpleted in the final, rushed days of the th Congress. I urge the new Congress—as it undertakes broad efforts to strengthen the enomy as well as more specific tasks like reauthorizing the Vocational Education Act—to make the needs of our nation's unemployed youth a top priority for action. Only by mbining a basic skills education program together with work training and employment incentives can we make substantial progress in eliminating one of the most severe social problems in our nation—youth unemployment, particularly among minorities. I am proud of the progress already made through passage of the Youth Employment and Demonstration Project Act of and the substantial increase in our investment in youth employment programs. The new legislation would cap these efforts. "Inme Security      SOCIAL SECURITY" One of the highest priorities of my Administration has been to ntinue the tradition of effectiveness and efficiency widely associated with the social security program, and to assure present and future beneficiaries that they will receive their benefits as expected. The earned benefits that are paid monthly to retired and disabled American workers and their families provide a significant measure of enomic protection to millions of people who might otherwise face retirement or possible disability with fear. I have enacted changes to improve the benefits of many social security beneficiaries during my years as President. The last four years have presented a special set of ncerns over the financial stability of the social security system. Shortly after taking office I proposed and Congress enacted legislation to protect the stability of the old age and survivors trust fund and prevent the imminent exhaustion of the disability insurance trust fund, and to rrect a flaw in the benefit formula that was threatening the long run health of the entire social security system. The actions taken by the Congress at my request helped stabilize the system. That legislation was later mplemented by the Disability Insurance Amendments of which further bolstered the disability insurance program, and reduced certain inequities among beneficiaries. My mmitment to the essential retirement and disability protection provided to million people each month has been demonstrated by the fact that without interruption those beneficiaries have ntinued to receive their social security benefits, including annual st of living increases. Changing and unpredictable enomic circumstances require that we ntinue to monitor the financial stability of the social security system. To rrect anticipated short-term strains on the system, I proposed last year that the three funds be allowed to borrow from one another, and I urge the Congress again this year to adopt such interfund borrowing. To further strengthen the social security system and provide a greater degree of assurance to beneficiaries, given projected future enomic uncertainties, additional action should be taken. Among the additional financing options available are borrowing from the general fund, financing half of the hospital insurance fund with general revenues, and increasing the payroll tax rate. The latter option is particularly unpalatable given the significant increase in the tax rate already mandated in law. This Administration ntinues to oppose cuts in basic social security benefits and taxing social security benefits. The Administration ntinues to support annual indexing of social security benefits. WELFARE REFORM In I proposed a welfare reform package which offers solutions to some of the most urgent problems in our welfare system. This proposal is embodied in two bills—The Work and Training Opportunities Act and The Social Welfare Reform Amendments Act. The House passed the send of these two proposals. Within the framework of our present welfare system, my reform proposals offer achievable means to increase self-sufficiency through work rather than welfare, more adequate assistance to people unable to work, the removal of inequities in verage under current programs, and fiscal relief needed by States and localities. Our current welfare system is long overdue for serious reform; the system is wasteful and not fully effective. The legislation I have proposed will help eliminate inequities by establishing a national minimum benefit, and by directly relating benefit levels to the poverty threshold. It will reduce program mplexity, which leads to inefficiency and waste, by simplifying and ordinating administration among different programs. I urge the Congress to take action in this area along the lines I have remmended. CHILD WELFARE My Administration has worked closely with the Congress on legislation which is designed to improve greatly the child welfare services and foster care programs and to create a Federal system of adoption assistance. These improvements will be achieved with the recent enactment of H.R. , the Adoption Assistance and Child Welfare Act of . The wellbeing of children in need of homes and their permanent placement have been a primary ncern of my Administration. This legislation will ensure that children are not lost in the foster care system, but instead will be returned to their families where possible or placed in permanent adoptive homes. LOW-INCOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE In I proposed a program to provide an annual total of . billion to low inme households which are hardest hit by rising energy bills. With the operation of Congress, we were able to move quickly to provide assistance to eligible households in time to meet their winter heating bills. In response to the extreme heat nditions affecting many parts of the untry during , I directed the Community Services Administration to make available over million to assist low-inme individuals, especially the elderly, facing life threatening circumstances due to extreme heat. Congress amended and reauthorized the low-inme energy assistance program for fiscal year , and provided . billion to meet anticipated increasing need. The need for a program to help low inme households with rising energy expenses will not abate in the near future. The low-inme energy assistance program should be reauthorized to meet those needs. Housing For the past months, high interest rates have had a severe impact on the nation's housing market. Yet the current pressures and uncertainties should not obscure the achievements of the past four years. Working with the Congress, the regulatory agencies, and the financial mmunity, my Administration has brought about an expanded and steadier flow of funds into home mortgages. Deregulation of the interest rates payable by depository institutions, the evolution of variable and renegotiated rate mortgages, development of high yielding savings certificates, and expansion of the sendary mortgage market have all increased housing's ability to attract capital and have assured that mortgage money would not be cut off when interest rates rose. These actions will diminish the cyclically of the housing industry. Further, we have secured legislation updating the Federal Government's emergency authority to provide support for the housing industry through the Brooke-Cranston program, and creating a new Section housing stimulus program. These tools will enable the Federal Government to deal quickly and effectively with serious distress in this critical industry. We have also worked to expand homeownership opportunities for Americans. By using innovative financing mechanisms, such as the graduated payment mortgage, we have increased the access of middle inme families to housing credit. By revitalizing the Section program, we have enabled nearly , moderate inme households to purchase new homes. By reducing paperwork and regulation in Federal programs, and by working with State and local governments to ease the regulatory burden, we have helped to hold down housing sts and produce affordable housing. As a result of these governmentwide efforts, / million more American families bought homes in the past four years than in any equivalent period in history. And more than million homes have begun nstruction during my Administration, million more than in the previous four years. We have devoted particular effort to meeting the housing needs of low and moderate inme families. In the past four years, more than million subsidized units have been made available for occupancy by lower inme Americans and more than , assisted units have gone into nstruction. In addition, we have undertaken a series of measures to revitalize and preserve the nation's million units of public and assisted housing. For Fiscal Year , I am proposing to ntinue our mmitment to lower inme housing. I am requesting funds to support , units of Section and public housing, maintaining these programs at the level provided by Congress in Fiscal . While we have made progress in the past four years, in the future there are reasons for ncern. Home price inflation and high interest rates threaten to put homeownership out of reach for first-time homebuyers. Lower inme households, the elderly and those dependent upon rental housing face rising rents, low levels of rental housing nstruction by historic standards, and the threat of displacement due to nversion to ndominiums and other factors. Housing will face strong mpetition for investment capital from the industrial sector generally and the energy industries, in particular. To address these issues, I appointed a Presidential Task Force and Advisory Group last October. While this effort will not proceed due to the election result, I hope the inming Administration will proceed with a similar venture. The most important action government can take to meet America's housing needs is to restore stability to the enomy and bring down the rate of inflation. Inflation has driven up home prices, operating sts and interest rates. Market uncertainty about inflation has ntributed to the instability in interest rates, which has been an added burden to homebuilders and homebuyers alike. By making a long-term mmitment to provide a framework for greater investment, sustained enomic growth, and price stability, my Administration has begun the work of creating a healthy environment for housing. Transportation With the passage of the Airline Deregulation Act of , the Motor Carrier Act of , and the Harley O. Staggers Rail Act of , my Administration, working with the Congress, has initiated a new era of reduced regulation of transportation industries. Deregulation will lead to increased productivity and operating efficiencies in the industries involved, and stimulate price and service mpetition, to the benefit of nsumers generally. I urge the new Administration to ntinue our efforts on behalf of deregulation legislation for the intercity passenger bus industry as well. In the ming decade, the most significant challenge facing the nation in transportation services will be to improve a deteriorating physical infrastructure of roadways, railroads, waterways and mass transit systems, in order to nserve stly energy supplies while promoting effective transportation services. HIGHWAYS Our vast network of highways, which acunt for percent of travel and percent by value of freight traffic goods movement, is deteriorating. If current trends ntinue, a major proportion of the Interstate pavement will have deteriorated by the end of the 's. Arresting the deterioration of the nation's system of highways is a high priority objective for the 's. We must reorient the Federal mission from major new nstruction projects to the stewardship of the existing Interstate Highway System. Interstate gaps should be judged on the nnections they make and on their mpatibility with mmunity needs. During this decade, highway investments will be needed to increase productivity, particularly in the elimination of bottlenecks, provide more efficient nnections to ports and seek low-st solutions to traffic demand. My Administration has therefore remmended redefining mpletion of the Interstate system, nsolidating over categorical assistance programs into nine, and initiating a major repair and rehabilitation program for segments of the Interstate system. This effort should help maintain the ndition and performance of the Nation's highways, particularly the Interstate and primary system; provide a realistic means to mplete the Interstate system by ; ensure better program delivery through nsolidation, and assist urban revitalization. In addition, the Congress must address the urgent funding problems of the highway trust fund, and the need to generate greater revenues. MASS TRANSIT In the past decade the nation's public transit systems' ridership increased at an annual average of .% each year in the 's .% in ). Continued increases in the st of fuel are expected to make transit a growing part of the nation's transportation system. As a result, my Administration projected a ten year, billion program to increase mass transit capacity by percent, and promote more energy efficient vehicle uses in the next decade. The first part of this proposal was the five year, . billion Urban Mass Transportation Administration reauthorization legislation I sent to the Congress in March, . I urge the th Congress to quickly enact this or similar legislation in . My Administration was also the first to have proposed and signed into law a nonurban formula grant program to assist rural areas and small mmunities with public transportation programs to end their dependence on the automobile, promote energy nservation and efficiency, and provide transportation services to impoverished rural mmunities. A principal need of the 's will be maintaining mobility for all segments of the population in the face of severely increasing transportation sts and uncertainty of fuel supplies. We must improve the flexibility of our transportation system and offer greater choice and diversity in transportation services. While the private automobile will ntinue to be the principal means of transportation for many Americans, public transportation can beme an increasingly attractive alternative. We, therefore, want to explore a variety of paratransit modes, various types of buses, modern rapid transit, regional rail systems and light rail systems. Highway planning and transit planning must be integrated and related to State, regional, district and neighborhood planning efforts now in place or emerging. Low density development and land use threaten the fiscal capacity of many mmunities to support needed services and infrastructure. ELDERLY AND HANDICAPPED TRANSPORTATION Transportation policies in the 's must pay increasing attention to the needs of the elderly and handicapped. By , the number of people over will have grown from today's million to million. During the same period, the number of handicapped—people who have difficulty using transit as well as autos, including the elderly—is expected to increase from to million, making up . percent of the population. We must not retreat from a policy that affords a significant and growing portion of our population accessible public transportation while regnizing that the handicapped are a diverse group and will need flexible, door-to-door service where regular public transportation will not do the job. RAILROADS In addition, the Federal government must reassess the appropriate Federal role of support for passenger and freight rail services such as Amtrak and Conrail. Our goal through federal assistance should be to maintain and enhance adequate rail service, where it is not otherwise available to needy mmunities. But Federal subsidies must be closely scrutinized to be sure they are a stimulus to, and not a replacement for, private investment and initiative. Federal assistance cannot mean permanent subsidies for unprofitable operations. WATERWAYS AND RURAL TRANSPORTATION There is a growing need in rural and small mmunities for improved transportation services. Rail freight service to many mmunities has declined as railroads abandon unproductive branch lines. At the same time, rural roads are often inadequate to handle large, heavily-loaded trucks. The increased demand for harvest to harbor" service has also placed an increased burden on rural transportation systems, while bottlenecks along the Mississippi River delay grain shipments to the Gulf of Mexi. We have made some progress: • To further develop the nation's waterways, my Administration began nstruction of a new , foot lock at the site of Lock and Dam on the Mississippi River. When opened in , the new lock will have a capacity of million tons per year, an percent increase over the present system. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has also undertaken studies to assess the feasibility of expanding the Bonneville Locks. Rehabilitation of John Day Lock was begun in and should be mpleted in . My Administration also supports the mpletion of the Upper Mississippi River Master Plan to determine the feasibility of nstructing a send lock at Alton, Illinois. These efforts will help alleviate delays in transporting rn, soybeans and other goods along the Mississippi River to the Gulf of Mexi. • The Department of Transportation's new Small Community and Rural Transportation Policy will target federal assistance for passenger transportation, roads and highways, truck service, and railroad freight service to rural areas. This policy implements and expands upon the earlier White House Initiative, Improving Transportation in Rural America, announced in June, , and the President's Small Community and Rural Development Policy announced in December, . The Congress should seek ways to balance rail branch line abandonment with the service needs of rural and farm mmunities, provide financial assistance to rail branch line rehabilitation where appropriate, assist shippers to adjust to rail branch line abandonment where it takes place, and help make it possible for trucking firms to serve light density markets with dependable and efficient trucking services. MARITIME POLICY During my Administration I have sought to ensure that the U.S. maritime industry will not have to function at an unfair mpetitive disadvantage in the international market. As I indicated in my maritime policy statement to the Congress in July, , the American merchant marine is vital to our Nation's welfare, and Federal actions should promote rather than harm it. In pursuit of this objective, I signed into law the Controlled Carrier Act of , authorizing the Federal Maritime Commission to regulate certain rate cutting practices of some state-ntrolled carriers, and recently signed a bilateral maritime agreement with the People's Republic of China that will expand the access of American ships to specified Chinese ports, and set aside for American-flag ships a substantial share at least one-third) of the cargo between our untries. This agreement should officially foster expanded U.S. and Chinese shipping services linking the two untries, and will provide further momentum to the growth of Sino-American trade. There is also a need to modernize and expand the dry bulk segment of our fleet. Our heavy dependence on foreign carriage of U.S.-bulk cargoes deprives the U.S. enomy of seafaring and shipbuilding jobs, adds to the balance-of-payments deficit, deprives the Government of substantial tax revenues, and leaves the United States dependent on foreign-flag shipping for a ntinued supply of raw materials to support the civil enomy and war production in time of war. I therefore sent to the Congress proposed legislation to strengthen this woefully weak segment of the U.S.-flag fleet by removing certain disincentives to U.S. nstruction of dry bulkers and their operation under U.S. registry. Enactment of this proposed legislation would establish the basis for accelerating the rebuilding of the U.S.-flag dry bulk fleet toward a level mmensurate with the position of the United States as the world's leading bulk trading untry. During the past year the Administration has stated its support for legislation that would provide specific Federal assistance for the installation of fuel-efficient engines in existing American ships, and would strengthen this untry's shipbuilding mobilization base. Strengthening the fleet is important, but we must also maintain our shipbuilding base for future ship nstruction. Provisions in existing laws calling for substantial or exclusive use of American flag vessels to carry cargoes generated by the Government must be vigorously pursued. I have therefore supported requirements that percent of oil purchased for the strategic petroleum reserve be transported in U.S.-flag vessels, that the Cargo Preference Act be applied to materials furnished for the U.S. assisted nstruction of air bases in Israel, and to cargoes transported pursuant to the Chrysler Corporation Loan Guarantee Act. In addition, the Deep Seabed Hard Mineral Resources Act requires that at least one ore carrier per mine site be a U.S.-flag vessel. Much has been done, and much remains to be done. The FY budget includes a million authorization for Construction Differential Subsidy "CDS") funds which, added to the unobligated CDS balance of million from , and the recently enacted million authorization, will provide an average of million in CDS funds in and . COAL EXPORT POLICY While significant growth in foreign demand for U.S. steam al is foreseen, ngestion at major U.S. al exporting ports such as Hampton Roads, Virginia, and Baltimore, Maryland, uld delay and impede exports. My Administration has worked through the Interagency Coal Task Force Study, which I created, to promote operation and ordination of resources between shippers, railroads, vessel broker/operators and port operators, and to determine the most appropriate Federal role in expanding and modernizing al export facilities, including dredging deeper channels at selected ports. Some progress has already been made. In addition to action taken by transshippers to reduce the number of al classifications used whenever possible, by the Norfolk and Western Railroad to upgrade its mputer capability to quickly inventory its al cars in its yards, and by the Chessie Railroad which is reactivating Pier in Newport News and has established a berth near its Curtis Bay Pier in Baltimore to decrease delays in vessel berthing, public activities will include: • A . million plan developed by the State of Pennsylvania and Conrail to increase Conrail's al handling capacity at Philadelphia; • A proposal by the State of Virginia to nstruct a steam al port on the Craney Island Disposal area in Portsmouth harbor; • Plans by Mobile, Alabama, which operates the only publicly owned al terminal in the U.S. to enlarge its capacity at McDuffie Island to million tons ground storage and car unit train unloading capability; • Development at New Orleans of steam al facilities that are expected to add over million tons of annual capacity by ; and • The Corps of Engineers, working with other interested Federal agencies, will determine which ports should be dredged, to what depth and on what schedule, in order to acmmodate larger al carrying vessels. Private industry will, of urse, play a major role in developing the United States' al export facilities. The new Administration should ntinue to work to eliminate transportation bottlenecks that impede our access to foreign markets. "Special Needs      WOMEN" The past four years have been years of rapid advancement for women. Our focus has been two-fold: to provide American women with a full range of opportunities and to make them a part of the mainstream of every aspect of our national life and leadership. I have appointed a rerd number of women to judgeships and to top government posts. Fully percent of all my appointees are women, and I nominated of the women who sit on the Federal bench today. For the first time in our history, women occupy policymaking positions at the highest level of every Federal agency and department and have demonstrated their ability to serve our citizens well. We have strengthened the rights of employed women by nsolidating and strengthening enforcement of sex discrimination laws under the EEOC, by expanding employment rights of pregnant women through the Pregnancy Disability Bill, and by increasing federal employment opportunities for women through civil service reform, and flexi-time and part-time employment. By executive order, I created the first national program to provide women businessowners with technical assistance, grants, loans, and improved access to federal ntracts. We have been sensitive to the needs of women who are homemakers. I established an Office of Families within HHS and sponsored the White House Conference on Families. We initiated a program targeting CETA funds to help displaced homemakers. The Social Security system was amended to eliminate the widow's penalty and a mprehensive study of discriminatory provisions and possible changes was presented to Congress. Legislation was passed to give divorced spouses of foreign service officers rights to share in pension benefits. We created an office on domestic violence within HHS to ordinate the agencies that now have domestic violence relief programs, and to distribute information on the problem and the services available to victims. Despite a stringent budget for FY , the Administration nsistently supported the Women's Educational Equity Act and family planning activities, as well as other programs that affect women, such as food stamps, WIC, and social security. We have been ncerned not only about the American woman's opportunities, but ensuring equality for women around the world. In November, , I sent to the Senate the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women. This United Nations document is the most mprehensive and detailed international agreement which seeks the advancement of women. On women's issues, I have sought the unsel of men and women in and out of government and from all regions of our untry. I established two panels—the President's Advisory Committee for Women and the Interdepartmental Task Force on Women—to advise me on these issues. The mandate for both groups expired on December , but they have left behind a mprehensive review of the status of women in our society today. That review provides excellent guidance for the work remaining in our battle against sex discrimination. Even though we have made progress, much remains on the agenda for women. I remain mmitted to the Equal Rights Amendment and will ntinue to work for its passage. It is essential to the goal of bringing America's women fully into the mainstream of American life that the ERA be ratified. The efforts begun for women in employment, business and education should be ntinued and strengthened. Money should be available to states to establish programs to help the victims of domestic violence. Congress should pass a national health care plan and a welfare reform program, and these measures should reflect the needs of women. The talents of women should ntinue to be used to the fullest inside and outside of government, and efforts should ntinue to see that they have the widest range of opportunities and options. HANDICAPPED I hope that my Administration will be remembered in this area for leading the way toward full civil fights for handicapped Americans. When I took office, no federal agency had yet issued regulations. As I leave office, this first step by every major agency and department in the federal government is almost mplete. But it is only a first step. The years ahead will require steadfast dedication by the President to protect and promote these precious rights in the classroom, in the workplace, and in all public facilities so that handicapped individuals may join the American mainstream and ntribute to the fullest their resources and talents to our enomic and social life. Just as we supported, in an unprecedented way, the civil rights of disabled persons in schools and in the workplace, other initiatives in health prevention-such as our immunization and nutrition programs for young children and new intense efforts to reverse spinal rd injury must ntinue so that the incidence of disability ntinues to decline. This year is the UN-declared International Year of Disabled Persons. We are organizing activities to celebrate and promote this important mmemorative year within the government as well as in operation with private sector efforts in this untry and around the world. The International Year will give our untry the opportunity to regnize the talents and capabilities of our fellow citizens with disabilities. We can also share our rehabilitation and treatment skills with other untries and learn from them as well. I am proud that the United States leads the world in mainstreaming and treating disabled people. However, we have a long way to go before all psychological and physical barriers to disabled people are torn down and they can be full participants in our American way of life. We must pledge our full mmitment to this goal during the International Year. FAMILIES Because of my ncern for American families, my Administration nvened last year the first White House Conference on Families which involved seven national hearings, over state and local events, three White House Conferences, and the direct participation of more than , citizens. The Conference reaffirmed the centrality of families in our lives and nation but documented problems American families face as well. We also established the Office of Families within the Department of Health and Human Services to review government policies and programs that affect families. I expect the departments and agencies within the executive branch of the Federal government as well as Members of Congress, rporate and business leaders, and State and local officials across the untry, to study closely the remmendations of the White House Conference and implement them appropriately. As public policy is developed and implemented by the Federal government, gnizance of the work of the Conference should be taken as a pragmatic and essential step. The Conference has done a good job of establishing an agenda for action to assure that the policies of the Federal government are more sensitive in their impact on families. I hope the Congress will review and seriously nsider the Conference's remmendations. OLDER AMERICANS My Administration has taken great strides toward solving the difficult problems faced by older Americans. Early in my term we worked successfully with the Congress to assure adequate revenues for the Social Security Trust Funds. And last year the strength of the Social Security System was strengthened by legislation I proposed to permit borrowing among the separate trust funds. I have also signed into law legislation prohibiting employers from requiring retirement prior to age , and removing mandatory retirement for most Federal employees. In addition, my Administration worked very closely with Congress to amend the Older Americans Act in a way that has already improved administration of its housing, social services, food delivery, and employment programs. This year, I will be submitting to Congress a budget which again demonstrates my mmitment to programs for the elderly. It will include, as my previous budgets have, increased funding for nutrition, senior centers and home health care, and will focus added resources on the needs of older Americans. With the White House Conference on Aging approaching, I hope the new Administration will make every effort to assure an effective and useful nference. This Conference should enable older Americans to voice their ncerns and give us guidance in our ntinued efforts to ensure the quality of life so richly deserved by our senior citizens. REFUGEES We cannot hope to build a just and humane society at home if we ignore the humanitarian claims of refugees, their lives at stake, who have nowhere else to turn. Our untry can be proud that hundreds of thousands of people around the world would risk everything they have-including their own lives—to me to our untry. This Administration initiated and implemented the first mprehensive reform of our refugee and immigration policies in over years. We also established the first refugee ordination office in the Department of State under the leadership of a special ambassador and ordinator for refugee affairs and programs. The new legislation and the ordinator's office will bring mmon sense and nsolidation to our Nation's previously fragmented, innsistent, and in many ways, outdated, refugee and immigration policies. With the unexpected arrival of thousands of Cubans and Haitians who sought refuge in our untry last year, outside of our regular immigration and refugee admissions process, our untry and its government were tested in being mpassionate and responsive to a major human emergency. Because we had taken steps to reorganize our refugee programs, we met that test successfully. I am proud that the American people responded to this crisis with their traditional good will and hospitality. Also, we would never have been able to handle this unprecedented emergency without the efforts of the private resettlement agencies who have always been there to help refugees in crises. Immigrants to this untry always ntribute more toward making our untry stronger than they ever take from the system. I am nfident that the newest arrivals to our untry will carry on this tradition. While we must remain mmitted to aiding and assisting those who me to our shores, at the same time we must uphold our immigration and refugee policies and provide adequate enforcement resources. As a result of our enforcement policy, the illegal flow from Cuba has been halted and an orderly process has been initiated to make certain that our refugee and immigration laws are honored. This year the Select Commission on Immigration and Refugee Policy will mplete its work and forward its advice and remmendations. I hope that the remmendations will be carefully nsidered by the new Administration and the Congress, for it is clear that we must take additional action to keep our immigration policy responsive to emergencies and ever changing times. VETERANS This untry and its leadership has a ntinuing and unique obligation to the men and women who served their nation in the armed forces and help maintain or restore peace in the world. My mmitment to veterans—as evidenced by my rerd—is characterized by a nscientious and nsistent emphasis in these general areas: First, we have worked to honor the Vietnam veteran. During my Administration, and under the leadership of VA Administrator Max Cleland, I was proud to lead our untry in an overdue acknowledgement of our Nation's gratitude to the men and women who served their untry during the bitter war in Southeast Asia. Their homeming was deferred and seemed doomed to be ignored. Our untry has matured in the last four years and at long last we were able to separate the war from the warrior and honor these veterans. But with our acknowledgement of their service goes an understanding that some Vietnam veterans have unique needs and problems. My Administration was able to launch a long sought after psychological readjustment and outreach program, unprecedented in its popularity, sensitivity and success. This program must be ntinued. The Administration has also grappled with the difficult questions posed by some veterans who served in Southeast Asia and were exposed to potentially harmful substances, including the herbicide known as Agent Orange. We have launched scientific inquiries that should answer many veterans' questions about their health and should provide the basis for establishing sound mpensation policy. We cannot rest until their ncerns are dealt with in a sensitive, expeditious and mpassionate fashion. Send, we have focused the VA health care system in the needs of the service-nnected disabled veteran. We initiated and are implementing the first reform of the VA vocational rehabilitation system since its inception in . Also, my Administration was the first to seek a st-of-living increase for the recipients of VA mpensation every year. My last budget also makes such a request. The Administration also launched the Disabled Veterans Outreach Program in the Department of Labor which has successfully placed disabled veterans in jobs. Services provided by the VA health care system will be further targeted to the special needs of disabled veterans during the ming year. Third, the VA health care system—the largest in the free world—has maintained its independence and high quality during my Administration. We have made the system more efficient and have therefore treated more veterans than ever before by ncentrating on out-patient care and through modern management improvements. As the median age of the American veteran population increases, we must ncentrate on further changes within the VA system to keep it independent and to serve as a model to the nation and to the world as a center for research, treatment and rehabilitation. "Government Assistance      GENERAL AID TO STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS" Since taking office, I have been strongly mmitted to strengthening the fiscal and enomic ndition of our Nation's State and local governments. I have acmplished this goal by enuraging enomic development of local mmunities, and by supporting the General Revenue Sharing and other essential grant-in-aid programs. GRANTS-IN-AID TO STATES AND LOCALITIES During my Administration, total grants-in-aid to State and local governments have increased by more than percent-from billion in Fiscal Year to billion in Fiscal Year . This significant increase in aid has allowed States and localities to maintain services that are essential to their citizens without imposing onerous tax burdens. It also has allowed us to establish an unprecedented partnership between the leaders of the Federal government and State and local government elected officials. GENERAL REVENUE SHARING Last year Congress enacted legislation that extends the General Revenue Sharing program for three more ,ears. This program is the rnerstone of our efforts to maintain the fiscal health of our Nation's local government. It will provide . billion in each of the next three years to cities, unties and towns. This program is essential to the ntinued ability of our local governments to provide essential police, fire and sanitation services. This legislation renewing GRS will be the rnerstone of Federal-State-local government relations in the 's. This policy will emphasize the need for all levels of government to operate in order to meet the needs of the most fiscally strained cities and unties, and also will emphasize the important role that GRS can play in forging this partnership. I am grateful that Congress moved quickly to assure that our Nation's localities can begin the 's in sound fiscal ndition. COUNTER-CYCLICAL ASSISTANCE Last year, I proposed that Congress enact a billion unter-cyclical fiscal assistance program to protect States and localities from unexpected changes in the national enomy. This program unfortunately was not enacted by the full] Congress. I, therefore, have not included funding for unter-cyclical aid in my Fiscal Year budget. Nevertheless, I urge Congress to enact a permanent stand-by unter-cyclical program, so that States and cities can be protected during the next enomic downturn. Urban Policy Three years ago, I proposed the Nation's first mprehensive urban policy. That policy involved more than one hundred improvements in existing Federal programs, four new Executive Orders and nineteen pieces of urban-oriented legislation. With Congress' operation, sixteen of these bills have now been signed into law. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT One of the principal goals of my domestic policy has been to strengthen the private sector enomic base of our Nation's enomically troubled urban and rural areas. With Congress' operation, we have substantially expanded the Federal government's enomic development programs and provided new tax incentives for private investment in urban and rural mmunities. These programs have helped many mmunities to attract new private sector jobs and investments and to retain the jobs and investments that already are in place. When I took office, the Federal government was spending less than million annually on enomic development programs, and only million of those funds in our Nation's urban areas. Since that time, we have created the Urban Development Action Grant UDAG) program and substantially expanded the enomic development programs in the Commerce Department. My FY budget requests more than . billion for enomic development grants, loans and interest subsidies and almost . billion for loan guarantees. Approximately percent of these funds will be spent in our Nation's urban areas. In addition, we have extended the percent investment credit to include rehabilitation of existing industrial facilities as well as new nstruction. I ntinue to believe that the development of private sector investment and jobs is the key to revitalizing our Nation's enomically depressed urban and rural areas. To ensure that the necessary enomic development goes forward, the Congress must ntinue to provide strong support for the UDAG program and the programs for the Enomic Development Administration. Those programs provide a foundation for the enomic development of our Nation in the 's. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT The partnership among Federal, State and local governments to revitalize our Nation's mmunities has been a high priority of my Administration. When I took office, I proposed a substantial expansion of the Community Development Block Grant CDBG) program and the enactment of a new million Urban Development Action Grant UDAG) program. Both of these programs have provided essential mmunity and enomic development assistance to our Nation's cities and unties. Last year, Congress reauthorized both the CDBG and UDAG programs. The CDBG program was reauthorized for three more years with annual funding increases of million, and the UDAG program was extended for three years at the current funding level of million annually. My budget requests full funding for both of these programs. These actions should help our Nation's cities and unties to ntinue the progress they have made in the last three years. NEIGHBORHOODS During my Administration we have taken numerous positive steps to achieve a full partnership of neighborhood organizations and government at all levels. We have successfully fought against red lining and housing discrimination. We created innovative Self Help funding and technical resource transfer mechanisms. We have created unique methods of access for neighborhood organizations to have a participating role in Federal and State government decision-making. Neighborhood based organizations are the threshold of the American mmunity. The Federal government will need to develop more innovative and practical ways for neighborhood based organizations to successfully participate in the identification and solution of local and neighborhood ncerns. Full partnership will only be achieved with the knowing participation of leaders of government, business, education and unions. Neither state nor Federal solutions imposed from on high will suffice. Neighborhoods are the fabric and soul of this great land. Neighborhoods define the weave that has been used to create a permanent fabric. The Federal government must take every opportunity to provide access and influence to the individuals and organizations affected at the neighborhood level. Rural Policy Since the beginning of my Administration, I have been mmitted to improving the effectiveness with which the Federal government deals with the problems and needs of a rapidly changing rural America. The rapid growth of some rural areas has placed a heavy strain on mmunities and their resources. There are also persistent problems of poverty and enomic stagnation in other parts of rural America. Some rural areas ntinue to lose population, as they have for the past several decades. In December, , I announced the Small Community and Rural Development Policy. It was the culmination of several years' work and was designed to address the varying needs of our rural population. In , my Administration worked with the Congress to pass the Rural Development Policy Act of , which when fully implemented will allow us to meet the needs of rural people and their mmunities more effectively and more efficiently. As a result of the policy and the acmpanying legislation, we have: • Created the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Small Community and Rural Development to provide overall leadership. • Established a White House Working Group to assist in the implementation of the policy. • Worked with more than governors to form State rural development uncils to work in partnership with the White House Working Group, and the Federal agencies, to better deliver State and Federal programs to rural areas. • Directed the White House Working Group to annually review existing and proposed policies, programs, and budget levels to determine their adequacy in meeting rural needs and the fulfilling of the policy's objectives and principles. This effort on the part of my Administration and the Congress has resulted in a landmark policy. For the first time, rural affairs has received the prominence it has always deserved. It is a policy that can truly help alleviate the diverse and differing problems rural America will face in the 's. With the help and dedication of a great many people around the untry who are ncerned with rural affairs, we have nstructed a mechanism for dealing effectively with rural problems. There is now a great opportunity to successfully mbine Federal efforts with the efforts of rural mmunity leaders and residents. It is my hope this spirit of operation and rerd of acmplishment will be ntinued in the ming years. Consumers In September, , I signed an Executive Order designed to strengthen and ordinate Federal nsumer programs and to establish procedures to improve and facilitate nsumer participation in government decision-making. Forty Federal agencies have adopted programs to mply with the requirements of the Order. These programs will improve mplaint handling, provide better information to nsumers, enhance opportunities for public participation in government proceedings, and assure that the nsumer point of view is nsidered in all programs, policies, and regulations. While substantial progress has been made in assuring a nsumer presence in Federal agencies, work must ntinue to meet fully the goals of the Executive Order. Close monitoring of agency mpliance with the requirements of the Order is necessary. Continued evaluation to assure that the programs are effective and making maximum use of available resources is also essential. As a mplement to these initiatives, efforts to provide financial assistance in regulatory proceedings to citizen groups, small businesses, and others whose participation is limited by their enomic circumstances must ntinue to be pursued. It is essential that nsumer representatives in government pay particular attention to the needs and interests of low-inme nsumers and minorities. The Office of Consumer Affairs' publication, People Power: What Communities Are Doing to Counter Inflation, catalogues some of the ways that government and the private sector can assist the less powerful in our society to help themselves. New ways should be found to help foster this new people's movement which is founded on the principle of self-reliance. Science and Technology Science and technology ntribute immeasurably to the lives of all Americans. Our high standard of living is largely the product of the technology that surrounds us in the home or factory. Our good health is due in large part to our ever increasing scientific understanding. Our national security is assured by the application of technology. And our environment is protected by the use of science and technology. Indeed, our vision of the future is often largely defined by the bounty that we anticipate science and technology will bring. The Federal government has a special role to play in science and technology. Although the fruits of scientific achievements surround us, it is often difficult to predict the benefits that will arise from a given scientific venture. And these benefits, even if predictable, do not usually lead to ownership rights. Acrdingly, the Government has a special obligation to support science as an investment in our future. My Administration has sought to reverse a decade-long decline in funding. Despite the need for fiscal restraint, real support of basic research has grown nearly % during my term in office. And, my Administration has sought to increase the support of long-term research in the variety of mission agencies. In this way, we can harness the American genius for innovation to meet the enomic, energy, health, and security challenges that nfront our nation. • International Relations and National Security. Science and technology are beming increasingly important elements of our national security and foreign policies. This is especially so in the current age of sophisticated defense systems and of growing dependence among all untries on modern technology for all aspects of their enomic strength. For these reasons, scientific and technological nsiderations have been integral elements of the Administration's decisionmaking on such national security and foreign policy issues as the modernization of our strategic weaponry, arms ntrol, technology transfer, the growing bilateral relationship with China, and our relations with the developing world. Four themes have shaped U.S. policy in international scientific and technological operation: pursuit of new international initiatives to advance our own research and development objectives; development and strengthening of scientific exchange to bridge politically ideological, and cultural divisions between this untry and other untries; formulation of programs and institutional relations to help developing untries use science and technology beneficially; and operation with other nations to manage technologies with local impact. At my direction, my Science and Technology Adviser has actively pursued international programs in support of these four themes. We have given special attention to scientific and technical relations with China, to new forms of scientific and technical operation with Japan, to operation with Mexi, other Latin American and Caribbean untries and several states in Black America Africa and to the proposed Institute for Scientific and Technological Cooperation. In particular our operation with developing untries reflects the importance that each of them has placed on the relationship between enomic growth and scientific and technological capability. It also reflects their view that the great strength of the U.S. in science and technology makes close relations with the U.S. technical mmunity an especially productive means of enhancing this capability. Scientific and technological assistance is a key linkage between the U.S. and the developing world, a linkage that has been under-utilized in the past and one which we must ntinue to work to strengthen. • Space Policy. The Administration has established a framework for a strong and evolving space program for the 's. The Administration's space policy reaffirmed the separation of military space systems and the open civil space program, and at the same time, provided new guidance on technology transfer between the civil and military programs. The civil space program centers on three basic tenets: First, our space policy will reflect a balanced strategy of applications, science, and technology development. Send, activities will be pursued when they can be uniquely or more efficiently acmplished in space. Third, a premature mmitment to a high challenge, space-engineering initiative of the mplexity of Apollo is inappropriate. As the Shuttle development phases down, however, there will be added flexibility to nsider new space applications, space science and new space exploration activities. • Technology Development. The Shuttle dominates our technology development effort and rrectly so. It represents one of the most sophisticated technological challenges ever undertaken, and as a result, has enuntered technical problems. Nonetheless, the first manned orbital flight is now scheduled for March, . I have been pleased to support strongly the necessary funds for the Shuttle throughout my Administration. • Space Applications. Since , the U.S. has nducted experimental civil remote sensing through Landsat satellites, thereby realizing many successful applications. Regnizing this fact, I directed the implementation of an operational civil land satellite remote sensing system, with the operational management responsibility in Commerce's National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. In addition, because ocean observations from space can meet mmon civil and military data requirements, a National Oceanic Satellite System has been proposed as a major FY new start. • Space Science Exploration. The goals of this Administration's policy in space science have been to: ) ntinue a vigorous program of planetary exploration to understand the origin and evolution of the solar system; ) utilize the space telespe and free-flying satellites to usher in a new era of astronomy; ) develop a better understanding of the sun and its interaction with the terrestrial environment; and ) utilize the Shuttle and Spacelab to nduct basic research that mplements earth-based life science investigations. District of Columbia Washington, D.C is home to both the Federal Government and to more than half a million American citizens. I have worked to improve the relationship between the Federal establishment and the Government of the District of Columbia in order to further the goals and spirit of home rule. The City ntrols more of its own destiny than was the case four years ago. Yet, despite the close operation between my Administration and that of Mayor Barry, we have not yet seen the necessary number of states ratify the Constitutional Amendment granting full voting representation in the Congress to the citizens of this city. It is my hope that this inequity will be rectified. The untry and the people who inhabit Washington deserve no less. The Arts The arts are a precious national resource. Federal support for the arts has been enhanced during my Administration by expanding government funding and services to arts institutions, individual artists, scholars, and teachers through the National Endowment for the Arts. We have broadened its spe and reach to a more diverse population. We have also reactivated the Federal Council on the Arts and Humanities. It is my hope that during the ming years the new Administration and the Congress will: • Continue support of institutions promoting development and understanding of the arts; • Enurage business participants in a mprehensive effort to achieve a truly mixed enomy of support for the arts; • Explore a variety of mechanisms to nurture the creative talent of our citizens and build audiences for their work; • Support strong, active National Endowments for the Arts; • Seek greater regnition for the rich cultural tradition of the nation's minorities; • Provide grants for the arts in low inme neighborhoods. The Humanities In recently reauthorizing Federal appropriations for the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Congress has once again reaffirmed that the enuragement and support of national progress and scholarship in the humanities while primarily a matter for private and local initiative, is also an appropriate matter of ncern to the Federal Government" and that a high civilization must not limit its efforts to science and technology alone but must give full value and support to the other great branches of man's scholarly and cultural activity in order to achieve a better understanding of the past, a better analysis of the present, and a better view of the future." I believe we are in agreement that the humanities illuminate the values underlying important personal, social, and national questions raised in our society by its multiple links to and increasing dependence on technology, and by the diverse heritage of our many regions and ethnic groups. The humanities cast light on the broad issue of the role in a society of men and women of imagination and energy—those individuals who through their own example define the spirit of the age," and in so doing move nations. Our Government's support for the humanities, within the framework laid down by the Congress, is a regnition of their essential nourishment of the life of the mind and vital enrichment of our national life. I will be proposing an increase in funding this year sufficient to enable the Endowment to maintain the same level of support offered our citizens in Fiscal Year . In the allocation of this funding, special emphasis will be given to: • Humanities education in the nation's schools, in response to the great needs that have arisen in this area; • Scholarly research designed to increase our understanding of the cultures, traditions, and historical forces at work in other nations and in our own; • Drawing attention to the physical disintegration of the raw material of our cultural heritage—books, manuscripts, periodicals, and other documents—and to the development of techniques to prevent the destruction and to preserve those materials; and • The dissemination of quality programming in the humanities to increasingly large American audiences through the use of radio and television. The dominant effort in the Endowment's expenditures will be a mmitment to strengthen and promulgate scholarly excellence and achievement in work in the humanities in our schools, lleges, universities, libraries, museums and other cultural institutions, as well as in the work of individual scholars or llaborative groups engaged in advanced research in the humanities. In making its grants the Endowment will increase its emphasis on techniques which stimulate support for the humanities from non-Federal sources, in order to reinforce our tradition of private philanthropy in this field, and to insure and expand the financial viability of our cultural institutions and life. Insular Areas I have been firmly mmitted to self-determination for Puerto Ri, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands, and have vigorously supported the realization of whatever political status aspirations are democratically chosen by their peoples. This principle was the keystone of the mprehensive territorial policy I sent the Congress last year. I am pleased that most of the legislative elements of that policy were endorsed by the th Congress. The unique cultures, fragile enomies, and locations of our Caribbean and Pacific Islands are distinct assets to the United States which require the sensitive application of policy. The United States Government should pursue initiatives begun by my Administration and the Congress to stimulate insular enomic development; enhance treatment under Federal programs eliminating current inequities; provide vitally needed special assistance and ordinate and rationalize policies. These measures will result in greater self-sufficiency and balanced growth. In particular, I hope that the new Congress will support funding for fiscal management, mprehensive planning and other technical assistance for the territories, as well as create the mmission I have proposed to review the applicability of all Federal laws to the insular areas and make remmendations for appropriate modification. "IV. REMOVING GOVERNMENTAL WASTE      AND INEFFICIENCY" One of my major mmitments has been to restore public faith in our Federal government by cutting out waste and inefficiency. In the past four years, we have made dramatic advances toward this goal, many of them previously nsidered impossible to achieve. Where government rules and operations were unnecessary, they have been eliminated, as with airline, rail, trucking and financial deregulation. Where government functions are needed, they have been streamlined, through such landmark measures as the Civil Service Reform Act of . I hope that the new administration and the Congress will keep up the momentum we have established for effective and responsible change in this area of crucial public ncern. CIVIL SERVICE REFORM In March , I submitted the Civil Service Reform Act to Congress. I called it the centerpiece of my efforts to reform and reorganize the government. With bipartisan support from Congress, the bill passed, and I am pleased to say that implementation is running well ahead of the statutory schedule. Throughout the service, we are putting into place the means to assure that reward and retention are based on performance and not simply on length of time on the job. In the first real test of the Reform Act, percent of the eligible top-level managers joined the Senior Executive Service, choosing to relinquish job protections for the challenge and potential reward of this new rps of top executives. Though the Act does not require several of its key elements to be in operation for another year, some Federal agencies already have established merit pay systems for GS-- managers, and most agencies are well on their way to establishing new performance standards for all their employees. All have paid out, or are now in the process of paying out, performance bonuses earned by outstanding members of the Senior Executive Service. Dismissals have increased by percent, and dismissals specifically for inadequate job performance have risen percent, since the Act was adopted. Finally, we have established a fully independent Merit Systems Protection Board and Special Counsel to protect the rights of whistle-blowers and other Federal employees faced with threats to their rights. In , civil service reform faces critical challenges—all agencies must have fully functioning performance appraisal systems for all employees, and merit pay systems for mpensating the government's , GS-- managers. Performance bonuses for members of the Senior Executive Service will surely receive scrutiny. If this attention is balanced and nstructive, it can only enhance the chances for ultimate success of our bipartisan mmitment to the revolutionary and crucial pay-for-performance ncept. REGULATORY REFORM During the past four years we have made tremendous progress in regulatory reform. We have discarded old enomic regulations that prevented mpetition and raised nsumer sts, and we have imposed strong management principles on the regulatory programs the untry needs, cutting paperwork and other wasteful burdens. The challenge for the future is to ntinue the progress in both areas without crippling vital health and safety programs. Our enomic deregulation program has achieved major successes in five areas: Airlines: The Airline Deregulation Act is generating healthy mpetition, saving billions in fares, and making the airlines more efficient. The Act provides that in the CAB itself will go out of existence. Trucking: The trucking deregulation bill opens the industry to mpetition and allows truckers wide latitude on the routes they drive and the goods they haul. The bill also phases out most of the old law's immunity for setting rates. The Congressional Budget Office estimates these reforms will save as much as billion per year and cut as much as half a percentage point from the inflation rate. Railroads: Overregulation has stifled railroad management initiative, service, and mpetitive pricing. The new legislation gives the railroads the freedom they need to rebuild a strong, efficient railroad industry. Financial Institutions: With the help of the Congress, over the past four years we have achieved two major pieces of financial reform legislation—legislation which has provided the basis for the most farreaching changes in the financial services industry since the 's. The International Banking Act of was designed to reduce the advantages that foreign banks operating in the United States possessed in mparison to domestic banks. The Depository Institutions Deregulation and Monetary Control Act, adopted last March, provides for the phased elimination of a variety of anti-mpetitive barriers to financial institutions and freedom to offer services to and attract the savings of nsumers, especially small savers. Recently, I submitted to the Congress my Administration's remmendations for the phased liberalization of restrictions on geographic expansion by mmercial banks. Last year the Administration and financial regulatory agencies proposed legislation to permit the interstate acquisition of failing depository institutions. In view of the difficult outlook for some depository institutions I strongly urge the Congress to take prompt favorable action on the failing bank legislation. Telemmunications: While Congress did not pass legislation in this area, the Federal Communications Commission has taken dramatic action to open all aspects of mmunications to mpetition and to eliminate regulations in the areas where mpetition made them obsolete. The public is benefitting from an explosion of mpetition and new services. While these initiatives represent dramatic progress in enomic deregulation, ntinued work is needed. I urge Congress to act on mmunications legislation and to nsider other proposed deregulation measures, such as legislation on the bus industry. In addition, the regulatory mmissions must maintain their mmitment to mpetition as the best regulator of all. The other part of my reform program vers the regulations that are needed to protect the health, safety, and welfare of our citizens. For these regulations, my Administration has created a management program to cut sts without sacrificing goals. Under my Executive Order , we required agencies to analyze the sts of their major new rules and nsider alternative approaches—such as performance standards and voluntary des—that may make rules less stly and more flexible. We created the Regulatory Analysis Review Group in the White House to analyze the most stly proposed new rules and find ways to improve them. The Regulatory Council was established to provide the first Government-wide listing of upming rules and eliminate overlapping and nflicting regulations. Agencies have launched sunset" programs to weed out outmoded old regulations. We have acted to enurage public participation in regulatory decisionmaking. These steps have already saved billions of dollars in regulatory sts and slashed thousands of outmoded regulations. We are moving steadily toward a regulatory system that provides needed protections fairly, predictably, and at minimum st. I urge Congress to ntinue on this steady path and resist the simplistic solutions that have been proposed as alternatives. Proposals like legislative veto and increased judicial review will add another layer to the regulatory process, making it more cumbersome and inefficient. The right approach to reform is to improve the individual statutes—where they need change—and to ensure that the regulatory agencies implement those statutes sensibly. PAPERWORK REDUCTION The Federal Government imposes a huge paperwork burden on business, local government, and the private sector. Many of these forms are needed for vital government functions, but others are duplicative, overly mplex or obsolete. During my Administration we cut the paperwork burden by percent, and we created procedures to ntinue this progress. The new Paperwork Reduction Act centralizes, in OMB, oversight of all agencies' information requirements and strengthens OMB's authority to eliminate needless forms. The paperwork budget" process, which I established by executive order, applies the discipline of the budget process to the hours of reporting time imposed on the public, forcing agencies to scrutinize all their forms each year. With effective implementation, these steps should allow further, substantial paperwork cuts in the years ahead. TIGHTENING STANDARDS FOR GOVERNMENTAL EFFICIENCY AND INTEGRITY To develop a foundation to carry out energy policy, we nsolidated scattered energy programs and launched the Synthetic Fuels Corporation; to give education the priority it deserves and at the same time reduce HHS to more manageable size, I gave education a seat at the Cabinet table, to create a stronger system for attacking waste and fraud, I reorganized audit and investigative functions by putting an Inspector General in major agencies. Since I took office, we have submitted reorganization initiatives and had them all approved by Congress. We have saved hundreds of millions of dollars through the adoption of businesslike cash management principles and set strict standards for personal financial disclosure and nflict of interest avoidance by high Federal officials. To streamline the structure of the government, we have secured approval of reorganization initiatives, improving the efficiency of the most important sectors of the government, including energy, education, and civil rights enforcement. We have eliminated more than advisory mmittees as well as other agencies, boards and mmissions which were obsolete or ineffective. Independent Inspectors General have been appointed in major agencies to attack fraud and waste. More than a billion dollars of questionable transactions have been identified through their audit activities. The adoption of business-like cash management and debt llection initiatives will save over billion, by streamlining the processing of receipts, by ntrolling disbursements more carefully, and by reducing idle cash balances. Finally this Administration has set strict standards for personal financial disclosure and nflict of interest avoidance by high Federal officials, to elevate the level of public trust in the government. "V. PROTECTING BASIC RIGHTS AND      LIBERTIES" I am extremely proud of the advances we have made in ensuring equality and protecting the basic freedoms of all Americans. • The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC) and the Office of Federal Contract Compliance OFCCP) have been reorganized and strengthened and a permanent civil rights unit has been established in OMB. • To avoid fragmented, innsistent and duplicative enforcement of civil rights laws, three agencies have been given ordinative and standard-setting responsibilities in discrete areas: EEOC for all employment-related activities, HUD for all those relating to housing, and the Department of Justice for all other areas. • With the enactment of the Right to Financial Privacy Act and a bill limiting police search of newsrooms, we have begun to establish a sound, mprehensive, privacy program. Ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment must be aggressively pursued. Only one year remains in which to obtain ratification by three additional states. The Congress must give early attention to a number of important bills which remain. These bills would: • strengthen the laws against discrimination in housing. Until it is enacted, the Civil Rights Act's promise of equal access to housing will remain unfulfilled; • establish a charter for the FBI and the intelligence agencies. The failure to define in law the duties and responsibilities of these agencies has made possible some of the abuses which have occurred in recent years; • establish privacy safeguards for medical research, bank, insurance, and credit rerds; and provide special protection for election fund transfer systems. EQUAL RIGHTS AMENDMENT I remain mmitted as strongly as possible to the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. As a result of our efforts in , the Equal Rights Amendment's deadline for ratification was extended for three years. We have now one year and three States left. We cannot afford any delay in marshalling our resources and efforts to obtain the ratification of those three additional States. Although the Congress has no official role in the ratification process at this point, you do have the ability to affect public opinion and the support of State Legislators for the Amendment. I urge Members from States which have not yet ratified the Equal Rights Amendment to use their influence to secure ratification. I will ntinue my own efforts to help ensure ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led this Nation's effort to provide all its citizens with civil rights and equal opportunities. His mmitment to human rights, peace and non-violence stands as a monument to his humanity and urage. As one of our Nation's most outstanding leaders, it is appropriate that his birthday be mmemorated as a national holiday. I hope the Congress will enact legislation this year that will achieve this goal. FAIR HOUSING The Fair Housing Act Amendments of passed the House of Representatives by an overwhelming bipartisan majority only to die in the Senate at the close of the th Congress. The leaders of both parties have pledged to make the enactment of fair housing legislation a top priority of the inming Congress. The need is pressing and a strengthened federal enforcement effort must be the primary method of resolution. CRIMINAL CODE The Federal criminal laws are often archaic, frequently ntradictory and imprecise, and clearly in need of revision and dification. The new Administration should ntinue the work which has been begun to develop a Federal criminal de which simplifies and clarifies our criminal laws, while maintaining our basic civil liberties and protections. PRIVACY As our public and private institutions llect more and more information and as mmunications and mputer technologies advance, we must act to protect the personal privacy of our citizens. In the past four years we acted on the report of the Privacy Commission and established a national privacy policy. We worked with Congress to pass legislation restricting wiretaps and law enforcement access to bank rerds and to reporters' files. We reduced the number of personal files held by the government and restricted the transfer of personal information among Federal agencies. We also worked with the Organization for Enomic Cooperation and Development to establish international guidelines to protect the privacy of personal information that is transferred across borders. "VI. PROTECTING AND DEVELOPING OUR      NATURAL RESOURCES" Two of our Nation's most precious natural resources are our environment and our vast agricultural capacity. From the beginning of my Administration, I have worked with the Congress to enhance and protect, as well as develop our natural resources. In the environmental areas, I have been especially ncerned about the importance of balancing the need for resource development with preserving a clean environment, and have taken numerous actions to foster this goal. In the agricultural area, I have taken the steps needed to improve farm inmes and to increase our agricultural production to rerd levels. That progress must be ntinued in the 's. Environment Preserving the quality of our environment has been among the most important objectives of my Administration and of the Congress. As a result of these shared mmitments and the dedicated efforts of many members of the Congress and my Administration, we have achieved several historic acmplishments. PROTECTION OF ALASKA LANDS Passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act was one of the most important nservation actions of this century. At stake was the fate of millions of acres of beautiful land, outstanding and unique wildlife populations, native cultures, and the opportunity to ensure that future generations of Americans would be able to enjoy the benefits of these nationally significant resources. As a result of the leadership, mmitment, and persistence of my Administration and the Congressional leadership, the Alaska Lands Bill was signed into law last December. The Act adds million acres of new parks and refuges, more than doubling the size of our National Park and National Wildlife Refuge Systems. The bill triples the size of our national wilderness system, increasing its size by million acres. And by adding free-flowing river segments to the Wild and Scenic River System, the bill almost doubles the fiver mileage in that system. The Alaska Lands Act reaffirms our mmitment to the environment and strikes a balance between protecting areas of great beauty and allowing development of Alaska's oil, gas. mineral, and timber resources. PROTECTION OF NATURAL RESOURCES In addition to the Alaska Lands Act. over the past four years we have been able to expand significantly the national wilderness and parks systems. In , the Congress passed the historic Omnibus Parks Act, which made additions to the National Park System. The Act also established the first two national trails since the National Trails System Act was passed in . Then, in , as a result of my Environmental Message, the Federal land management agencies have established almost new National Recreational Trails. With the mpletion of the RARE II process, which eliminated the uncertainty surrounding the status of millions of acres of land, we called for over million acres of new wilderness in the nation's National Forest, in the Congress established about . million acres of wilderness in the lower states. In addition, the Administration remmended legislation to protect Lake Tahoe, and through and Executive Order has already established a mechanism to help ensure the Lake's protection. Finally, in the Administration established the Channel Islands Marine Sanctuary. Administration actions over the past four years stressed the importance of providing Federal support only for water resource projects that are enomically and environmentally sound. This policy should have a major and lasting influence on the federal government's role in water resource development and management. The Administration's actions to remmend to the Congress only enomically and environmentally sound water resource projects for funding resulted not only in our opposing unenomic projects but also—in —in the first Administration proposal of new project starts in years. One of the most significant water policy actions of the past four years was the Administration's June , Water Policy Reform Message to the Congress. This Message established a new national water resources policy with the following objectives: • to give priority emphasis to water nservation; • to nsider environmental requirements and values more fully and along with enomic factors in the planning and management of water projects and programs; • to enhance operation between state and federal agencies in water resources planning and management. In addition, the Executive Office of the President established policy decision criteria to evaluate the proposed federal water projects, the Water Resources Council developed and adopted a new set of Principles and Standards for water projects which is binding on all federal nstruction agencies, and improved regulations were developed to implement the National Historic Preservation Act and the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act. As a result, water resource projects must be determined to be enomically sound before the Administration will remmend authorization or appropriation. Over the years ahead, this policy will help to reduce wasteful federal spending by targeting federal funds to the highest priority water resource projects. In the pursuit of this policy, however, we cannot lose sight of the vital role that sound water resource projects play in providing irrigation, power, and flood ntrol. We must also regnize the special needs of particular regions of the untry in evaluating the need for additional projects. ADDRESSING GLOBAL RESOURCE AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS The Global Report to the President, prepared in response to my Environment Message, is the first of its kind. Never before has our government, or any government, taken such a mprehensive, long-range look at the interrelated global issues of resources, population, and environment. The Report's nclusions are important. They point to a rapid increase in population and human needs through the year while at the same time a decline in the earth's capacity to meet those needs-unless nations of the world act decisively to alter current trends. The United States has ntributed actively to a series of UN nferences on the environment, population, and resources, and is preparing for the Conference on New and Renewable Sources of Energy. Following my Environmental Message, the Administration development assistance programs have added emphasis to natural resource management and environmental protection. My Environmental Message called attention to the alarming loss of world forests, particularly in the tropics. An interagency task force on tropical forests has developed a U.S. government program to enurage nservation and wise management of tropical forests. The Administration is enuraging action by other nations and world organizations to the same purpose. The United States is a world leader in wildlife nservation and the assessment of environmental effects of government actions. The January , , Executive Order directing U.S. government agencies to nsider the effects of their major actions abroad, is another example of this leadership. COMMITMENT TO CONTROL OF POLLUTION AND HAZARDOUS CHEMICALS Over the past four years, there has been steady progress towards cleaner air and water, sustained by the mmitment of Congress and the Administration to these important national objectives. In addition, the Administration has developed several new pollution mpliance approaches such as alternative and innovative waste water treatment projects, the bubble" ncept, the offset" policy, and permit nsolidation, all of which are designed to reduce regulatory burdens on the private sector. One of the most pressing problems to me to light in the past four years has been improper hazardous waste disposal. The Administration has moved on three fronts. First, we proposed the Oil Hazardous Substances and Hazardous Waste Response, Liability and Compensation Act the Superfund" bill) to provide mprehensive authority and . billion in funds to clean up abandoned hazardous waste disposal sites. In November the Congress passed a Superfund bill which I signed into law. Send, the administration established a hazardous waste enforcement strike force to ensure that when available, responsible parties are required to clean up sites posing dangers to public health and to the environment. To date, lawsuits have been brought by the strike force. Third, regulations implementing subtitle C of the Resource Conservation and Revery Act were issued. The regulations establish mprehensive ntrols for hazardous waste and, together with vigorous enforcement, will help to ensure that Love Canal will not be repeated. THE FUTURE For the future, we cannot—and we must not—forget that we are charged with the stewardship of an irreplaceable environment and natural heritage. Our children, and our children's children, are dependent upon our maintaining our mmitment to preserving and enhancing the quality of our environment. It is my hope that when our descendants look back on the 's they will be able to affirm: • that we kept our mmitment to the restoration of environmental quality; • that we protected the public health from the ntinuing dangers of toxic chemicals, from pollution, from hazardous and radioactive waste, and that we made our mmunities safer, healthier and better places to live; • that we preserved America's wilderness areas and particularly its last great frontier, Alaska, for the benefit of all Americans in perpetuity; • that we put this nation on a path to a sustainable energy future, one based increasingly on renewable resources and on energy nservation; • that we moved to protect America's untryside and astland from mismanagement and irresponsibility; • that we redirected the management of the nation's water resources toward water nservation, sound development and environmental protection; • that we faced squarely such worldwide problems as the destruction of forests, acid rain, carbon dioxide build-up and nuclear proliferation; and • that we protected the habitat and the existence of our own species on this earth. "Agriculture      THE FARM ECONOMY" The farm enomy is sound and its future is bright. Agriculture remains a major bulwark of the nation's enomy and an even more important factor in the world food system. The demand for America's agricultural abundance, here and abroad, ntinues to grow. In the near-term, the strength of this demand is expected to press hard against supplies, resulting in ntinued price strength. The health and vitality of current-day agriculture represents a significant departure from the situation that existed when I came to office four years ago. In January , the farm enomy was in serious trouble. Farm prices and farm inme were failing rapidly. Grain prices were at their lowest levels in years and steadily falling. Livestock producers, in their fourth straight year of rerd losses, were liquidating breeding herds at an unparalleled rate. Dairy farmers were losing money on every hundredweight of milk they produced. Sugar prices were in a nosedive. Through a mbination of improvements in old, established programs and the adoption of new approaches where innovation and change were needed, my Administration turned this situation around. Commodity prices have steadily risen. Farm inme turned upward. U.S. farm exports set new rerds each year, increasing over percent for the four year period. Livestock producers began rebuilding their herds. Dairy farmers began to earn a profit again. RECENT POLICY INITIATIVES Several major agricultural policy initiatives have been undertaken over the past year. Some are the culmination of policy proposals made earlier in this Administration; others are measures taken to help farmers offset the impact of rapid inflation in production sts. In mbination, they represent a significant strengthening of our nation's food and agricultural policy. These initiatives include: FOOD SECURITY RESERVE The Congress authorized formation of a million ton food grain reserve for use in international food assistance. This reserve makes it possible for the United States to stand behind its food aid mmitment to food deficit nations, even during periods of short supplies and high prices. This rrects a serious fault in our past food assistance policy. COMPREHENSIVE CROP INSURANCE The Congress also authorized a significant new crop insurance program during . This measure provides farmers with an important new program tool for sharing the enomic risks that are inherent to agriculture. When fully operational, it will replace a hodgepodge of disaster programs that suffered from numerous shortmings. SPECIAL LOAN RATES Another legislative measure passed late in the nd session of the th Congress authorizes the Secretary of Agriculture to provide higher loan rates to farmers who enter their grain in the farmer-owned grain reserve. This additional incentive to participate will further strengthen the reserve. INCREASED LOAN PRICES In July , I administratively raised loan prices for wheat, feedgrains, and soybeans to help offset the effects of a serious st-price squeeze. At the same time, the release and call prices for the grain reserve were adjusted upward. HIGHER TARGET PRICES The Agricultural Adjustment Act of raised the target prices for -crop wheat and feed grain crops. This change rrected for shortmings in the adjustment formula ntained in the Food and Agriculture Act of . FUTURE AGENDA The food and agricultural policies adopted by this Administration over the past four years, including those described above, will provide a firm foundation for future governmental actions in this field. Expiration of the Food and Agriculture Act of later this year will require early attention by the Congress. With relatively minor changes, most of the authorities ntained in the Act should be extended in their present form. The farmer-owned grain reserve has proven to be a particularly effective means of stabilizing grain markets and should be preserved in essentially its present form. Beyond this, it will be important for the Congress to keep a close eye on price-st developments in the farm sector. As noted above, some of the actions I took last year were for the purpose of providing relief from the st-price squeeze facing farmers. Should these pressures ntinue, further actions might be required. My Administration has devoted particular attention to the issues of world hunger, agricultural land use, and the future structure of American agriculture. I enurage the Congress and the next Administration to review the results of these landmark enquiries and, where deemed appropriate, to act on their remmendations. Following a careful review of the situation, I recently extended the suspension of grain sales to the Soviet Union. I am satisfied that this action has served its purpose effectively and fairly. However, as long as this suspension must remain in effect, it will be important for the next Administration and the Congress to take whatever actions are necessary to ensure that the burden does not fall unfairly on our Nation's farmers. This has been a key feature of my Administration's policy, and it should be maintained. VII. FOREIGN POLICY From the time I assumed office four years ago this month, I have stressed the need for this untry to assert a leading role in a world undergoing the most extensive and intensive change in human history. My policies have been directed in particular at three areas of change: • the steady growth and increased projection abroad of Soviet military power-power that has grown faster than our own over the past two decades. • the overwhelming dependence of Western nations, which now increasingly includes the United States, on vital oil supplies from the Middle East. • the pressures of change in many nations of the developing world, in Iran and uncertainty about the future stability of many developing untries. As a result of those fundamental facts, we face some of the most serious challenges in the history of this nation. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan is a threat to global peace, to East-West relations, and to regional stability and to the flow of oil. As the unprecedented and overwhelming vote in the General Assembly demonstrated, untries across the world—and particularly the nonaligned—regard the Soviet invasion as a threat to their independence and security. Turmoil within the region adjacent to the Persian Gulf poses risks for the security and prosperity of every oil importing nation and thus for the entire global enomy. The ntinuing holding of American hostages in Iran is both an affront to civilized people everywhere, and a serious impediment to meeting the self-evident threat to widely-shared mmon interests—including those of Iran. But as we focus our most urgent efforts on pressing problems, we will ntinue to pursue the benefits that only change can bring. For it always has been the essence of America that we want to move on—we understand that prosperity, progress and most of all peace cannot be had by standing still. A world of nations striving to preserve their independence, and of peoples aspiring for enomic development and political freedom, is not a world hostile to the ideals and interests of the United States. We face powerful adversaries, but we have strong friends and dependable allies. We have mmon interests with the vast majority of the world's nations and peoples. There have been enuraging developments in recent years, as well as matters requiring ntinued vigilance and ncern: • Our alliances with the world's most advanced and democratic states from Western Europe through Japan are stronger than ever. • We have helped to bring about a dramatic improvement in relations between Egypt and Israel and an historic step towards a mprehensive Arab-Israeli settlement. • Our relations with China are growing closer, providing a major new dimension in our policy in Asia and the world. • Across southern Africa from Rhodesia to Namibia we are helping with the peaceful transition to majority rule in a ntext of respect for minority as well as majority rights. • We have worked domestically and with our allies to respond to an uncertain energy situation by nservation and diversification of energy supplies based on internationally agreed targets. • We have unambiguously demonstrated our mmitment to defend Western interests in Southwest Asia, and we have significantly increased our ability to do so. • And over the past four years the U.S. has developed an energy program which is mprehensive and ambitious. New institutions have been established such as the Synthetic Fuels Corporation and Solar Bank. Price dentrol for oil and gas is proceeding. American nsumers have risen to the challenge, and we have experienced real improvements in nsumption patterns. The central challenge for us today is to our steadfastness of purpose. We are no longer tempted by isolationism. But we must also learn to deal effectively with the ntradictions of the world—the need to operate with potential adversaries without euphoria, without undermining our determination to mpete with such adversaries and if necessary nfront the threats they may pose to our security. We face a broad range of threats and opportunities. We have and should ntinue to pursue a broad range of defense, diplomatic and enomic capabilities and objectives. I see six basic goals for America in the world over the 's: • First, we will ntinue, as we have over the past four years, to build America's military strength and that of our allies and friends. Neither the Soviet Union nor any other nation will have reason to question our will to sustain the strongest and most flexible defense forces. • Send, we will pursue an active diplomacy in the world, working—together with our friends and allies—to resolve disputes through peaceful means and to make any aggressor pay a heavy price. • Third, we will strive to resolve pressing international enomic problems-particularly energy and inflation—and ntinue to pursue our still larger objective of global enomic growth through expanded trade and development assistance and through the preservation of an open multilateral trading system. • Fourth, we will ntinue vigorously to support the process of building democratic institutions and improving human rights protection around the world. We are deeply nvinced that the future lies not with dictatorship but democracy. • Fifth, we remain deeply mmitted to the process of mutual and verifiable arms ntrol, particularly to the effort to prevent the spread and further development of nuclear weapons. Our decision to defer, but not abandon our efforts to secure ratification of the SALT II Treaty reflects our firm nviction that the United States has a profound national security interest in the nstraints on Soviet nuclear forces which only that treaty can provide. • Sixth, we must ntinue to look ahead in order to evaluate and respond to resource, environment and population challenges through the end of this century. One very immediate and pressing objective that is uppermost on our minds and those of the American people is the release of our hostages in Iran. We have no basic quarrel with the nation, the revolution or the people of Iran. The threat to them mes not from American policy but from Soviet actions in the region. We are prepared to work with the government of Iran to develop a new and mutually beneficial relationship. But that will not be possible so long as Iran ntinues to hold Americans hostages, in defiance of the world mmunity and civilized behavior. They must be released unharmed. We have thus far pursued a measured program of peaceful diplomatic and enomic steps in an attempt to resolve this issue without resorting to other remedies available to us under international law. This reflects the deep respect of our nation for the rule of law and for the safety of our people being held, and our belief that a great power bears a responsibility to use its strength in a measured and judicious manner. But our patience is not unlimited and our ncern for the well-being of our fellow citizens grows each day. Enhancing National Security—American Military Strength The maintenance of national security is my first ncern, as it has been for every president before me. We must have both the military power and the political will to deter our adversaries and to support our friends and allies. We must pay whatever price is required to remain the strongest nation in the world. That price has increased as the military power of our major adversary has grown and its readiness to use that power been made all too evident in Afghanistan. The real increases in defense spending, therefore probably will be higher than previously projected; protecting our security may require a larger share of our national wealth in the future. THE U.S.-SOVIET RELATIONSHIP We are demonstrating to the Soviet Union across a broad front that it will pay a heavy price for its aggression in terms of our relationship. Throughout the last decades U.S.-Soviet relations have been a mixture of operation and mpetition. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan and the imposition of a puppet government have highlighted in the starkest terms the darker side of their policies-going well beyond mpetition and the legitimate pursuit of national interest, and violating all norms of international law and practice. This attempt to subjugate an independent, non-aligned Islamic people is a callous violation of international law and the United Nations Charter, two fundamentals of international order. Hence, it is also a dangerous threat to world peace. For the first time since the mmunization of Eastern Europe after World War II, the Soviets have sent mbat forces into an area that was not previously under their ntrol, into a non-aligned and sovereign state. The destruction of the independence of the Afghanistan government and the occupation by the Soviet Union have altered the strategic situation in that part of the world in a very ominous fashion. It has significantly shortened the striking distance to the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf for the Soviet Union. It has also eliminated a buffer between the Soviet Union and Pakistan and presented a new threat to Iran. These two untries are now far more vulnerable to Soviet political intimidation. If that intimidation were to prove effective, the Soviet Union uld ntrol an area of vital strategic and enomic significance to the survival of Western Europe, the Far East, and ultimately the United States. It has now been over a year since the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan dealt a major blow to U.S.-Soviet relations and the entire international system. The U.S. response has proven to be serious and far-reaching. It has been increasingly effective, imposing real and sustained sts on the USSR's enomy and international image. Meanwhile, we have enuraged and supported efforts to reach a political settlement in Afghanistan which would lead to a withdrawal of Soviet forces from that untry and meet the interests of all ncerned. It is Soviet intransigence that has kept those efforts from bearing fruit. Meanwhile, an overwhelming November resolution of the United Nations General Assembly on Afghanistan has again made clear that the world has not and will not forget Afghanistan. And our response ntinues to make it clear that Soviet use of force in pursuit of its international objectives is inmpatible with the notion of business-as-usual. BILATERAL COMMUNICATION U.S.-Soviet relations remain strained by the ntinued Soviet presence in Afghanistan, by growing Soviet military capabilities, and by the Soviets' apparent willingness to use those capabilities without respect for the most basic norms of international behavior. But the U.S.-Soviet relationship remains the single most important element in determining whether there will be war or peace. And so, despite serious strains in our relations, we have maintained a dialogue with the Soviet Union over the past year. Through this dialogue, we have ensured against bilateral misunderstandings and miscalculations which might escalate out of ntrol, and have managed to avoid the injection of superpower rivalries into areas of tension like the Iran-Iraq nflict. POLAND Now, as was the case a year ago, the prospect of Soviet use of force threatens the international order. The Soviet Union has mpleted preparations for a possible military intervention against Poland. Although the situation in Poland has shown signs of stabilizing recently, Soviet forces remain in a high state of readiness and they uld move into Poland on short notice. We ntinue to believe that the Polish people should be allowed to work out their internal problems themselves, without outside interference, and we have made clear to the Soviet leadership that any intervention in Poland would have severe and prolonged nsequences for East-West detente, and U.S.-Soviet relations in particular. DEFENSE BUDGET For many years the Soviets have steadily increased their real defense spending, expanded their strategic forces, strengthened their forces in Europe and Asia, and enhanced their capability for projecting military force around the world directly or through the use of proxies. Afghanistan dramatizes the vastly increased military power of the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union has built a war machine far beyond any reasonable requirements for their own defense and security. In ntrast, our own defense spending declined in real terms every year from through . We have reversed this decline in our own effort. Every year since there has been a real increase in our defense spending—and our lead has enuraged increases by our allies. With the support of the Congress, we must and will make an even greater effort in the years ahead. The Fiscal Year budget would increase funding authority for defense to more than billion. This amount, together with a supplemental request for FY of about billion, will more than meet my Administration's pledge for a sustained growth of percent in real expenditures, and provides for percent in program growth in FY and beyond. The trends we mean to rrect cannot be remedied overnight; we must be willing to see this program through. To ensure that we do so I am setting a growth rate for defense that we can sustain over the long haul. The defense program I have proposed for the next five years will require some sacrifice—but sacrifice we can well afford. The defense program emphasizes four areas: • It ensures that our strategic nuclear forces will be equivalent to those of the Soviet Union and that deterrence against nuclear war will be maintained; • It upgrades our forces so that the military balance between NATO and the Warsaw Pact will ntinue to deter the outbreak of war—nventional or nuclear-in Europe; • It provides us the ability to me quickly to the aid of friends and allies around the globe; • And it ensures that our Navy will ntinue to be the most powerful on the seas. STRATEGIC FORCES We are strengthening each of the three legs of our strategic forces. The cruise missile production which will begin next year will modernize our strategic air deterrent. B- capabilities will also be improved. These steps will maintain and enhance the B- fleet by improving its ability to deliver weapons against increasingly heavily defended targets. We are also modernizing our strategic submarine force. Four more POSEIDON submarines backfitted with new, , mile TRIDENT I missiles began deployments in . Nine TRIDENT submarines have been authorized through , and we propose one more each year. The new M-X missile program to enhance our land-based interntinental ballistic missile force ntinues to make progress. Technical refinements in the basing design over the last year will result in operational benefits, lower sts, and reduced environmental impact. The M-X program ntinues to be an essential ingredient in our strategic posture—providing survivability, endurance, secure mmand and ntrol and the capability to threaten targets the Soviets hold dear. Our new systems will enable U.S. strategic forces to maintain equivalence in the face of the mounting Soviet challenge. We would however need an even greater investment in strategic systems to meet the likely Soviet buildup without SALT. STRATEGIC DOCTRINE This Administration's systematic ntributions to the necessary evolution of strategic doctrine began in when I mmissioned a mprehensive net assessment. From that base a number of thorough investigations of specific topics ntinued. I should emphasize that the need for an evolutionary doctrine is driven not by any change in our basic objective-which remains peace and freedom for all mankind. Rather, the need for change is driven by the inexorable buildup of Soviet military power and the increasing propensity of Soviet leaders to use this power in ercion and outright aggression to impose their will on others. "I have dified our evolving strategic doctrine in a number of interrelated and mutually supporting Presidential Directives. Their overarching theme is to provide a doctrinal basis—and the specific program to implement it—that tells the world that no potential adversary of the United States uld ever nclude that the fruits of his aggression would be significant or worth the enormous sts of our retaliation.   The Presidential Directives include:   PD-: An overview of our strategic objectives   PD-: Basic space policy   PD-: Civil Defense   PD-: Survivability and endurance for telemmunications   PD-: Mobilization planning   PD-: Continuity of Government   PD-: Countervailing Strategy for General War" These policies have been devised to deter, first and foremost, Soviet aggression. As such they nfront not only Soviet military forces but also Soviet military doctrine. By definition deterrence requires that we shape Soviet assessments about the risks of war—assessments they will make using their doctrine, not ours. But at the same time we in no way seek to emulate their doctrine. In particular, nothing in our policy ntemplates that nuclear warfare uld ever be a deliberate instrument for achieving our own goals of peace and freedom. Moreover, our policies are carefully devised to provide the greatest possible incentives and opportunities for future progress in arms ntrol. Finally, our doctrinal evolution has been undertaken with appropriate nsultation with our NATO Allies and others. We are fully nsistent with NATO's strategy of flexible response. FORCES FOR NATO We are greatly accelerating our ability to reinforce Western Europe with massive ground and air forces in a crisis. We are undertaking a major modernization program for the Army's weapons and equipment, adding armor, firepower, and tactical mobility. We are prepositioning more heavy equipment in Europe to help us pe with attacks with little warning, and greatly strengthening our airlift and sealift capabilities. We are also improving our tactical air forces—buying about new fighter and attack aircraft over the next five years—and increasing the number of Air Force fighter wings by over percent. We are working closely with our European allies to secure the Host Nation Support necessary to enable us to deploy more quickly a greater ratio of mbat forces to the European theater at a lower st to the United States. SECURITY ASSISTANCE As we move to enhance U.S. defense capabilities, we must not lose sight of the need to assist others in maintaining their own security and independence. Events since World War II, most recently in Southwest Asia, have amply demonstrated that U.S. security cannot exist in a vacuum, and that our own prospects for peace are closely tied to those of our friends. The security assistance programs which I am proposing for the ming fiscal year thus directly promote vital U.S. foreign policy and national security aims—and are integral parts of our efforts to improve and upgrade our own military forces. More specifically, these programs, which are part of our overall foreign aid request, promote U.S. security in two principal ways. First, they assist friendly and allied nations to develop the capability to defend themselves and maintain their own independence. An example during this past year was the timely support provided Thailand to help bolster that untry's defenses against the large numbers of Soviet-backed Vietnamese troops ranged along its eastern frontier. In addition, over the years these programs have been important to the ntinued independence of other friends and allies such as Israel, Greece, Turkey and Korea. Send, security assistance nstitutes an essential element in the broad operative relationships we have established with many nations which permit either U.S. bases on their territory or access by U.S. forces to their facilities. These programs have been particularly important with regard to the recently-ncluded access agreements with various untries in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean regions and have been crucial to the protection of our interests throughout Southwest Asia. RAPID DEPLOYMENT FORCES We are systematically enhancing our ability to respond rapidly to non-NATO ntingencies wherever required by our mmitments or when our vital interests are threatened. The rapid deployment forces we are assembling will be extraordinarily flexible: They uld range in size from a few ships or air squadrons to formations as large as , men, together with their support. Our forces will be prepared for rapid deployment to any region of strategic significance. Among the specific initiatives we are taking to help us respond to crises outside of Europe are: • the development of a new fleet of large cargo aircraft with interntinental range; • the design and procurement of a force of Maritime Prepositioning Ships that will carry heavy equipment and supplies for three Marine Corps brigades; • the procurement of fast sealift ships to move large quantities of men and material quickly from the U.S. to overseas areas of deployment; • increasing training and exercise activities to ensure that our forces will be well prepared to deploy and operate in distant areas. In addition, our European allies have agreed on the importance of providing support to U.S. deployments to Southwest Asia. NAVAL FORCES Seapower is indispensable to our global position—in peace and also in war. Our shipbuilding program will sustain a -ship Navy in the 's and we will ntinue to build the most capable ships afloat. The program I have proposed will assure the ability of our Navy to operate in high threat areas, to maintain ntrol of the seas and protect vital lines of mmunication-both military and enomic-and to provide the strong maritime mponent of our rapid deployment forces. This is essential for operations in remote areas of the world, where we cannot predict far in advance the precise location of trouble, or preposition equipment on land. MILITARY PERSONNEL No matter how capable or advanced our weapons systems, our military security depends on the abilities, the training and the dedication of the people who serve in our armed forces. I am determined to recruit and to retain under any foreseeable circumstances an ample level of such skilled and experienced military personnel. This Administration has supported for FY the largest peacetime increase ever in military pay and allowances. We have enhanced our readiness and mbat endurance by improving the Reserve Components. All reservists are assigned to units structured to mplement and provide needed depth to our active forces. Some reserve personnel have also now been equipped with new equipment. MOBILIZATION PLANNING We have mpleted our first phase of mobilization planning—the first such Presidentially-directed effort since World War II. The government-wide exercise of our mobilization plans at the end of showed, first, that planning pays off and, send, that much more needs to be done. OUR INTELLIGENCE POSTURE Our national interests are critically dependent on a strong and effective intelligence capability. We will maintain and strengthen the intelligence capabilities needed to assure our national security. Maintenance of and ntinued improvements in our multi-faceted intelligence effort are essential if we are to pe successfully with the turbulence and uncertainties of today's world. The intelligence budget I have submitted to the Congress responds to our needs in a responsible way, providing for significant growth over the Fiscal Year budget. This growth will enable us to develop new technical means of intelligence llection while also assuring that the more traditional methods of intelligence work are also given proper stress. We must ntinue to integrate both modes of llection in our analyses. Regional Policies Every President for over three decades has regnized that America's interests are global and that we must pursue a global foreign policy. Two world wars have made clear our stake in Western Europe and the North Atlantic area. We are also inextricably linked with the Far East—politically, enomically, and militarily. In both of these, the United States has a permanent presence and security mmitments which would be automatically triggered. We have beme increasingly nscious of our growing interests in a third area—the Middle East and the Persian Gulf area. We have vital stakes in other major regions of the world as well. We have long regnized that in an era of interdependence, our own security and prosperity depend upon a larger mmon effort with friends and allies throughout the world. THE ATLANTIC ALLIANCE At the outset of this Administration, I emphasized the primacy of our Atlantic relationship in this untry's national security agenda. We have made important progress toward making the Atlantic Alliance still more effective in a changing security environment. In regnition of the threat which the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan posed to Western interests in both Europe and Southwest Asia, NATO foreign and defense ministers have expressed full support for U.S. efforts to develop a capability to respond to a ntingency in Southwest Asia and have approved an extensive program to help fill the gap which uld be created by the diversion of U.S. forces to that region. The U.S. has not been alone in seeking to maintain stability in the Southwest Asia area and insure access to the needed resources there. The European nations with the capability to do so are improving their own forces in the region and providing greater enomic and political support to the residents of the area. In the face of the potential danger posed by the Iran-Iraq nflict, we have developed ordination among the Western forces in the area of the Persian Gulf in order to be able to safeguard passage in that essential waterway. Concerning developments in and around Poland, the allies have achieved the highest level of hesion and unity of purpose in making clear the effects on future East-West relations of a precipitous Soviet act there. The alliance has ntinued to build on the progress of the past three years in improving its nventional forces through the Long-Term Defense Program. Though enomic nditions throughout Europe today are making its achievement difficult, the yearly real increase of percent in defense spending remains a goal actively sought by the alliance. The NATO alliance also has moved forward during the past year with the implementation of its historic December decision to modernize its Theater Nuclear Force capabilities through deployment of improved Pershing ballistic missiles and ground launched cruise missiles in Europe. Our allies ntinue to operate actively with us in this important joint endeavor, whose purpose is to demonstrate nvincingly to the Soviet Union the potential sts of a nuclear nflict in Europe. At the same time, we offered nvincing evidence of our mmitment to arms ntrol in Europe by initiating preliminary nsultations with the Soviet Union in Geneva on the subject of negotiated limits on long-range theater nuclear forces. Also, during we initiated and carried out a withdrawal from our nuclear weapons stockpile in Europe of , nuclear warheads. This successful drawdown in our nuclear stockpile was a further tangible demonstration of our mmitment to the updating of our existing theater nuclear forces in Europe. In the NATO area, we ntinued to work closely with other untries in providing resources to help Turkey regain enomic health. We regretted that massive political and internal security problems led the Turkish military to take over the government on September . The new Turkish authorities are making some progress in resolving those problems, and they have pledged an early return to civilian government. The tradition of the Turkish military gives us cause to take that pledge seriously. We welmed the reestablishment of Greece's links to the integrated military mmand structure of the Atlantic Alliance—a move which we had strongly enuraged—as a major step toward strengthening NATO's vital southern flank at a time of international crisis and tension in adjacent areas. Greek reintegration exemplifies the importance which the allies place on operating in the mmon defense and shows that the allies can make the difficult decisions necessary to insure their ntinued security. We also welmed the resumption of the intermmunal talks on Cyprus. THE U.S. AND THE PACIFIC NATIONS The United States is a Pacific nation, as much as it is an Atlantic nation. Our interests in Asia are as important to us as our interests in Europe. Our trade with Asia is as great as our trade with Europe. During the past four years we have regained a strong, dynamic and flexible posture for the United States in this vital region. Our major alliances with Japan, Australia and New Zealand are now stronger than they ever have been, and together with the nations of western Europe, we have begun to form the basic political structure for dealing with international crises that affect us all. Japan, Australia and New Zealand have given us strong support in developing a strategy for responding to instability in the Persian Gulf. Normalization of U.S. relations with China has facilitated China's full entry into the international mmunity and enuraged a nstructive Chinese role in the Asia-Pacific region. Our relations with China have been rapidly nsolidated over the past year through the nclusion of a series of bilateral agreements. We have established a pattern of frequent and frank nsultations between our two governments, exemplified by a series of high-level visits and by regular exchanges at the working level, through which we have been able to identify increasingly broad areas of mmon interest on which we can operate. United States relations with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ASEAN) have also expanded dramatically in the past four years. ASEAN is now the focus for U.S. policy in Southeast Asia, and its hesion and strength are essential to stability in this critical area and beyond. Soviet-supported Vietnamese aggression in Indochina has posed a major challenge to regional stability. In response, we have reiterated our security mmitment to Thailand and have provided emergency security assistance for Thai forces facing a Vietnamese military threat along the Thai-Cambodian border. We have worked closely with ASEAN and the UN to press for withdrawal of Vietnamese forces from Cambodia and to enurage a political settlement in Cambodia which permits that nation to be governed by leaders of its own choice. We still look forward to the day when Cambodia peacefully can begin the process of rebuilding it social, enomic and political institutions, after years of devastation and occupation. And, on humanitarian grounds and in support of our friends in the region, we have worked vigorously with international organizations to arrange relief and resettlement for the exodus of Indochinese refugees which threatened to overwhelm these nations. We have maintained our alliance with Korea and helped assure Korea's security during a difficult period of political transition. We have amended our military base agreement with the Philippines, ensuring stable access to these bases through . The importance of our Philippine bases to the strategic flexibility of U.S. forces and our access to the Indian Ocean is self-evident. Finally, we are in the process of ncluding a long negotiation establishing Micronesia's status as a freely associated state. We enter the 's with a firm strategic footing in East Asia and the Pacific, based on stable and productive U.S. relations with the majority of untries of the region. We have established a stable level of U.S. involvement in the region, appropriate to our own interests and to the interests of our friends and allies there. THE MIDDLE EAST AND SOUTHWEST ASIA The ntinuing Soviet occupation of Afghanistan and the dislocations caused by the Iraq-Iran war serve as nstant reminders of the critical importance for us, and our allies, of a third strategic zone stretching across the Middle East, the Persian Gulf, and much of the Indian subntinent. This Southwest Asian region has served as a key strategic and mmercial link between East and West over the centuries. Today it produces two-thirds of the world's oil exports, providing most of the energy needs of our European allies and Japan. It has experienced almost ntinuous nflict between nations, internal instabilities in many untries, and regional rivalries, mbined with very rapid enomic and social change. And now the Soviet Union remains in occupation of one of these nations, ignoring world opinion which has called on it to get out. We have taken several measures to meet these challenges. MIDDLE EAST "In the Middle East, our determination to nsolidate what has already been achieved in the peace process—and to   buttress that acmplishment with further progress toward a mprehensive peace settlement—must remain a central goal of our foreign policy. Pursuant to their peace treaty, Egypt and Israel have made steady progress in the normalization of their relations in a variety of fields, bringing the benefits of peace directly to their people. The new relationship between Egypt and Israel stands as an example of peaceful operation in an increasingly fragmented and turbulent region." Both President Sadat and Prime Minister Begin remain mmitted to the current negotiations to provide full autonomy to the inhabitants of the West Bank and Gaza. These negotiations have been mplex and difficult, but they have already made significant progress, and it is vital that the two sides, with our assistance, see the process through to a successful nclusion. We also regnize the need to broaden the peace process to include other parties to the nflict and believe that a successful autonomy agreement is an essential first step toward this objective. We have also taken a number of steps to strengthen our bilateral relations with both Israel and Egypt. We share important strategic interests with both of these untries. We remain mmitted to Israel's security and are prepared to take ncrete steps to support Israel whenever that security is threatened. PERSIAN GULF The Persian Gulf has been a vital crossroads for trade between Europe and Asia at many key moments in history. It has beme essential in recent years for its supply of oil to the United States, our allies, and our friends. We have taken effective measures to ntrol our own nsumption of imported fuel, working in operation with the other key industrial nations of the world. However, there is little doubt that the healthy growth of our American and world enomies will depend for many years on ntinued safe access to the Persian Gulf's oil production. The denial of these oil supplies would threaten not only our own but world security. The potent new threat from an advancing Soviet Union, against the background of regional instability of which it can take advantage, requires that we reinforce our ability to defend our regional friends and to protect the flow of oil. We are ntinuing to build on the strong political, enomic, social and humanitarian ties which bind this government and the American people to friendly governments and peoples of the Persian Gulf. We have also embarked on a urse to reinforce the trust and nfidence our regional friends have in our ability to me to their assistance rapidly with American military force if needed. We have increased our naval presence in the Indian Ocean. We have created a Rapid Deployment Force which can move quickly to the Gulf—or indeed any other area of the world where outside aggression threatens. We have ncluded several agreements with untries which are prepared to let us use their airports and naval facilities in an emergency. We have met requests for reasonable amounts of American weaponry from regional untries which are anxious to defend themselves. And we are discussing with a number of our area friends further ways we can help to improve their security and ours, both for the short and the longer term. SOUTH ASIA We seek a South Asia mprising sovereign and stable states, free of outside interference, which can strengthen their political institutions acrding to their own national genius and can develop their enomies for the betterment of their people. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan has posed a new challenge to this region, and particularly to neighboring Pakistan. We are engaged in a ntinuing dialogue with the Pakistan government ncerning its development and security requirements and the enomic burden imposed by Afghan refugees who have fled to Pakistan. We are participating with other aid nsortium members in debt rescheduling and will ntinue to operate through the UNHCR in providing refugee assistance. We remain mmitted to Pakistan's territorial integrity and independence. Developments in the broad South/ Southwest Asian region have also lent a new importance to our relations with India, the largest and strongest power in the area. We share India's interest in a more nstructive relationship. Indian policies and perceptions at times differ from our own, and we have established a candid dialogue with this sister democracy which seeks to avoid the misunderstandings which have sometimes mplicated our ties. We attach major importance to strong enomic assistance programs to the untries in the area, which include a majority of the poor of the non-Communist world. We believe that these programs will help achieve stability in the area, an objective we share with the untries in the region. Great progress has been achieved by these untries in increasing food production; international operation in harnessing the great river resources of South Asia would ntribute further to this goal and help to increase energy production. We ntinue to give high priority to our non-proliferation goals in the area in the ntext of our broad global and regional priorities. The decision to ntinue supply of nuclear fuel to the Indian Tarapur reactors was sensitive to this effort. AFRICA The United States has achieved a new level of trust and operation with Africa. Our efforts, together with our allies, to achieve peace in southern Africa, our increased efforts to help the poorest untries in Africa to mbat poverty, and our expanded efforts to promote trade and investment have led to growing respect for the U.S. and to operation in areas of vital interest to the United States. Africa is a ntinent of poor nations for the most part. It also ntains many of the mineral resources vital for our enomy. We have worked with Africa in a spirit of mutual operation to help the African nations solve their problems of poverty and to develop stronger ties between our private sector and African enomies. Our assistance to Africa has more than doubled in the last four years. Equally important, we set in motion new mechanisms for private investment and trade. Nigeria is the largest untry in Black Africa and the send largest oil supplier to the United States. During this Administration we have greatly expanded and improved our relationship with Nigeria and other West African states whose aspirations for a nstitutional democratic order we share and support. This interest was manifested both symbolically and practically by the visit of Vice President Mondale to West Africa in July ) and the successful visit to Washington of the President of Nigeria in October. During Vice President Mondale's visit, a Joint Agricultural Consultative Committee was established, with the U.S. represented entirely by the private sector. This uld herald a new role for the American private sector in helping solve the world's serious food shortages. I am pleased to say that our relations with Nigeria are at an all-time high, providing the foundation for an even stronger relationship in the years ahead. Another tenet of this Administration's approach to African problems has been enuragement and support for regional solutions to Africa's problems. We have supported initiatives by the Organization of African Unity to solve the protracted nflict in the western Sahara, Chad, and the Horn. In Chad, the world is watching with dismay as a untry torn by a devastating civil war has beme a fertile field for Libya's exploitation, thus demonstrating that threats to peace can me from forces within as well as without Africa. In southern Africa the United States ntinues to pursue a policy of enuraging peaceful development toward majority rule. In , Southern Rhodesia became independent as Zimbabwe, a multiracial nation under a system of majority rule. Zimbabwean independence last April was the culmination of a long struggle within the untry and diplomatic efforts involving Great Britain, African states neighboring Zimbabwe, and the United States. The focus of our efforts in pursuit of majority rule in southern Africa has now turned to Namibia. Negotiations are proceeding among ncerned parties under the leadership of UN Secretary General Waldheim. This should lead to implementation of the UN plan for self-determination and independence for Namibia during . If these negotiations are successfully ncluded, sixty-five years of uncertainty over the status of the territory, including a seven-year-long war, will be ended. Common efforts to resolve the Zimbabwean and Namibian issues have brought the United States closer both to its Western allies—Great Britain, France, the Federal Republic of Germany, and Canada-and to African states such as Tanzania, Zambia, Mozambique, Angola, and Botswana, with whom relations have at some times in the past been difficult. The success of these mmon undertakings demonstrates that mplex problems with sometimes bitter and bloody histories can be resolved peacefully through negotiation. In response to our active ncern with issues of importance to Africans, African states have operated with us on issues of importance to our national interests. African states voted overwhelmingly in favor of the UN Resolution calling for release of the hostages, and for the UN Resolution ndemning the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Two untries of Africa have signed access agreements with the U.S. allowing us use of naval and air facilities in the Indian Ocean. Africans have beme increasingly vocal on human rights. African leaders have spoken out on the issue of political prisoners, and the OAU is drafting its own Charter on Human Rights. Three untries in Africa—Nigeria, Ghana, and Uganda—have returned to civilian rule during the past year. U.S. operation with Africa on all these matters represents a strong base on which we can build in future years. Liberia is a untry of long-standing ties with the U.S. and the site of nsiderable U.S. investment and facilities. This past April a up replaced the government and a period of political and enomic uncertainty ensued. The U.S. acted swiftly to meet this situation. We, together with African leaders, urged the release of political prisoners, and many have been released; we provided emergency enomic assistance to help avoid enomic llapse, and helped to involve the IMF and the banking mmunity to bring about enomic stability; and we have worked closely with the new leaders to maintain Liberia's strong ties with the West and to protect America's vital interests. NORTH AFRICA In early , following a Libyaninspired mmando attack on a Tunisian provincial city, the U.S. responded promptly to Tunisia's urgent request for assistance, both by airlifting needed military equipment and by making clear our longstanding interest in the security and integrity of this friendly untry. The U.S. remains determined to oppose other irresponsible Libyan aspirations. Despairing of a productive dialogue with the Libyan authorities, the U.S. closed down its embassy in Libya and later expelled six Libyan diplomats in Washington in order to deter an intimidation campaign against Libyan citizens in the U.S. U.S. relations with Algeria have improved, and Algeria has played an indispensable and effective role as intermediary between Iran and the U.S. over the hostage issue. The strengthening of our arms supply relationship with Moroc has helped to deal with attacks inside its internationally regnized frontiers and to strengthen its nfidence in seeking a political settlement of the Western Sahara nflict. While not assuming a mediatory role, the U.S. enuraged all interested parties to turn their energies to a peaceful and sensible mpromise resolution of the war in the Sahara and supported efforts by the Organization of African Unity toward that end. As the year drew to a close, the U.S. was enuraged by evolution in the attitudes of all sides, and is hopeful that their differences will be peacefully resolved in the year ahead so that the vast enomic potential of North Africa can be developed for the well-being of the people living there. LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN The principles of our policies in this hemisphere have been clear and nstant over the last four years. We support democracy and respect for human rights. We have struggled with many to help free the region of both repression and terrorism. We have respected ideological diversity and opposed outside intervention in purely internal affairs. We will act, though, in response to a request for assistance by a untry threatened by external aggression. We support social and enomic development within a democratic framework. We support the peaceful settlement of disputes. We strongly enurage regional operation and shared responsibilities within the hemisphere to all these ends, and we have eagerly and regularly sought the advice of the leaders of the region on a wide range of issues. Last November, I spoke to the General Assembly of the Organization of American States of a cause that has been closest to my heart—human rights. It is an issue that has found its time in the hemisphere. The cause is not mine alone, but an historic movement that will endure. At Riobamba, Ecuador, last September four Andean Pact untries, Costa Rica, and Panama broke new ground by adopting a Code of Conduct," stating that joint action in defense of human rights does not violate the principles of nonintervention in the internal affairs of states in this hemisphere. The Organization of American States has twice ndemned the up that overturned the democratic process in Bolivia and the widespread abuse of human rights by the regime which seized power. The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has gained world acclaim for its dispassionate reports. It mpleted two major untry studies this year in addition to its annual report. In a resolution adopted without opposition, the OAS General Assembly in November strongly supported the work of the Commission. The American Convention on Human Rights is in force and an Inter-American Court has been created to judge human rights violations. This nvention has been pending before the Senate for two years; I hope the United States this year will join the other nations of the hemisphere in ratifying a nvention which embodies principles that are our tradition. The trend in favor of democracy has ntinued. During this past year, Peru inaugurated a democratically elected government. Brazil ntinues its process of liberalization. In Central America, Hondurans voted in rerd numbers in their first national elections in over eight years. In the Caribbean seven elections have returned governments firmly mmitted to the democratic traditions of the Commonwealth. Another major ntribution to peace in the hemisphere is Latin America's own Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. On behalf of the United States, I signed Protol I of this Treaty in May of and sent it to the Senate for ratification. I urge that it be acted upon promptly by the Senate in order that it be brought into the widest possible effect in the Latin American region. Regional operation for development is gaining from Central America to the Andes, and throughout the Caribbean. The Caribbean Group for Cooperation in Enomic Development, which we established with other nations in , has helped channel million in external support for growth in the Caribbean. The recent meeting of the Chiefs of State of the Eastern Caribbean set a new precedent for operation in that region. Mexi and Venezuela jointly and Trinidad and Tobago separately have established oil facilities that will provide substantial assistance to their oil importing neighbors. The peace treaty between El Salvador and Honduras will hopefully stimulate Central America to move forward again toward enomic integration. Formation of Caribbean/Central American Action, a private sector organization, has given a major impetus to improving people-to-people bonds and strengthening the role of private enterprise in the development of democratic societies. The Panama treaties have been in force for over a year. A new partnership has been created with Panama; it is a model for large and small nations. A longstanding issue that divided us from our neighbors has been resolved. The security of the canal has been enhanced. The canal is operating as well as ever, with traffic through it reaching rerd levels this year. Canal employees, American and Panamanian alike, have remained on the job and have found their living and working nditions virtually unchanged. In , relations with Mexi ntinued to improve due in large measure to the effectiveness of the Coordinator for Mexican Affairs and the expanded use of the U.S.-Mexi Consultative Mechanism. By holding periodic meetings of its various working groups, we have been able to prevent mutual ncerns from beming political issues. The Secretary of State visited Mexi City in November, and, along with the Mexican Secretary of Foreign Relations, reviewed the performance of the Consultative Mechanism. The office of the Coordinator has ensured the implementation of my directive to all agencies to acrd high priority to Mexican ncerns. Trade with Mexi rose by almost percent to nearly billion, making that untry our third largest trading partner. These are all enuraging development. Other problems remain, however. The impact of large-scale migration is affecting many untries in the hemisphere. The most serious manifestation was the massive, illegal exodus from Cuba last summer. The Cuban government unilaterally enuraged the disorderly and even deadly migration of , of its citizens in mplete disregard for international law or the immigration laws of its neighbors. Migrations of this nature clearly require ncerted action, and we have asked the OAS to explore means of dealing with similar situations which may occur in the future. We have a long-standing treaty with Colombia on Quita Sueno, Roncador, and Serrano which remains to be ratified by the Senate. In Central America, the future of Nicaragua is unclear. Recent tensions, the restrictions on the press and political activity, an inordinate Cuban presence in the untry and the tragic killing by the security forces of a businessman well known for his democratic orientation, cause us nsiderable ncern. These are not enuraging developments. But those who seek a free society remain in the ntest for their nation's destiny. They have asked us to help rebuild their untry, and by our assistance, to demonstrate that the democratic nations do not intend to abandon Nicaragua to the Cubans. As long as those who intend to pursue their pluralistic goals play important roles in Nicaragua, it deserves our ntinuing support. In El Salvador, we have supported the efforts of the Junta to change the fundamental basis of an inequitable system and to give a stake in a new nation to those millions of people, who for so long, lived without hope or dignity. As the government struggles against those who would restore an old tyranny or impose a new one, the United States will ntinue to stand behind them. We have increased our aid to the Caribbean, an area vital to our national security, and we should ntinue to build close relations based on mutual respect and understanding, and mmon interests. As the nations of this hemisphere prepare to move further into the 's, I am struck by the depth of underlying mmitment that there is to our mmon principles: non-intervention, peaceful settlement of disputes, operation for development, democracy and defense of basic human rights. I leave office satisfied that the political, enomic, social and organizational basis for further progress with respect to all these principles have been substantially strengthened in the past four years. I am particularly reassured by the leadership by other nations of the hemisphere in advancing these principles. The success of our mmon task of improving the circumstances of all peoples and nations in the hemisphere can only be assured by the sharing of responsibility. I look forward to a hemisphere that at the end of this decade has proven itself anew as a leader in the promotion of both national and human dignity. THE INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY A growing defense effort and a vigorous foreign policy rest upon a strong enomy here in the United States. And the strength of our own enomy depends upon our ability to lead and mpete in the international marketplace. ENERGY Last year, the war between Iraq and Iran led to the loss of nearly million barrels of oil to world markets, the third major oil market disruption in the past seven years. This crisis has vividly demonstrated once again both the value of lessened dependence on oil imports and the ntinuing instability of the Persian Gulf area. Under the leadership of the United States, the members of the International Energy Agency took llective action to ensure that the oil shortfall stemming from the Iran-Iraq war would not be aggravated by mpetition for scarce spot market supplies. We are also working together to see that those nations most seriously affected by the oil disruption—including our key NATO allies Turkey and Portugal—can get the oil they need. At the most recent IEA Ministerial meeting we joined the other members in pledging to take those policy measures necessary to slice our joint oil imports in the first quarter of by . million barrels. Our international operation efforts in the energy field are not limited to crisis management. At the Enomic Summit meetings in Tokyo and Venice, the heads of government of the seven major industrial democracies agreed to a series of tough energy nservation and production goals. We are working together with all our allies and friends in this effort. Construction has begun on a mmercial scale al liquefaction plant in West Virginia -financed by the United States, Japan and West Germany. An interagency task force has just reported to me on a series of measures we need to take to increase al production and exports. This report builds on the work of the International Energy Agency's Coal Industry Advisory Board. With the assurances of a reliable United States steam al supply at reasonable prices, many of the electric power plants to be built in the 's and 's can be al-fired rather than oil-burning. We are working operatively with other nations to increase energy security in other areas as well. Joint research and development with our allies is underway in solar energy, nuclear power, industrial nservation and other areas. In addition, we are assisting rapidly industrializing nations to carefully assess their basic energy policy choices, and our development assistance program helps the developing untries to increase indigenous energy production to meet the energy needs of their poorest citizens. We support the proposal for a new World Bank energy affiliate to these same ends, whose fulfillment will ntribute to a better global balance between energy supply and demand. INTERNATIONAL MONETARY POLICY Despite the rapid increase in oil sts, the policy measures we have taken to improve domestic enomic performance have had a ntinued powerful effect on our external acunts and on the strength of the dollar. A strong dollar helps in the fight against inflation. There has also been nsiderable forward movement in efforts to improve the functioning of the international monetary system. The stability of the international system of payments and trade is important to the stability and good health of our own enomy. We have given strong support to the innovative steps being taken by the International Monetary Fund and World Bank to help promote early adjustment to the difficult international enomic problems. Recent agreement to increase quotas by fifty percent will ensure the IMF has sufficient resources to perform its central role in promoting adjustment and financing payments imbalances. The World Bank's new structural adjustment lending program will also make an important ntribution to international efforts to help untries achieve a sustainable level of growth and development. SUGAR In , Congress passed U.S. implementing legislation for the International Sugar Agreement, thus fulfilling a major mmitment of this Administration. The agreement is an important element in our international mmodity policy with farreaching implications for our relations with developing untries, particularly sugar producers in Latin America. Producers and nsumers alike will benefit from a more stable market for this essential mmodity. COFFEE At year's end, Congress approved implementing legislation permitting the U.S. to carry out fully its mmitments under the International Coffee Agreement. Specifically, the legislation enables us to meet our part of an understanding negotiated last fall among members of the Agreement, which defends, by use of export quotas, a price range well below ffee prices of previous years and which mmits major ffee producers to eliminate cartel arrangements that manipulated future markets to raise prices. The way is now open to a fully-functioning International Coffee Agreement which can help to stabilize this major world mmodity market. The results will be positive for both nsumers—who will be less likely to suffer from sharp increases in ffee prices—and producers—who can undertake future investment with assurance of greater protection against disruptive price fluctuations in their exports. NATURAL RUBBER In , the International Natural Rubber Agreement entered into force provisionally. U.S. membership in this new body was approved overwhelmingly by the Senate last year. The natural rubber agreement is a model of its kind and should make a substantial ntribution to a stable world market in this key industrial mmodity. It is thus an excellent example of nstructive steps to improve the operation of the world enomy in ways which can benefit the developing and industrialized untries alike. In particular, the agreement has improved important U.S. relationships with the major natural rubber-producing untries of Southeast Asia. COMMON FUND The United States joined members of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, both developed and developing nations, in ncluding Articles of Agreement in for a Common Fund to help international mmodity agreements stabilize the prices of raw materials. ECONOMIC COOPERATION WITH DEVELOPING NATIONS Our relations with the developing nations are of major importance to the United States. The fabric of our relations with these untries has strong enomic and political dimensions. They nstitute the most rapidly growing markets for our exports, and are important sources of fuel and raw materials. Their political views are increasingly important, as demonstrated in their overwhelming ndemnation of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Our ability to work together with developing nations toward goals we have in mmon—their political independence, the resolution of regional tensions, and our growing ties of trade for example—require us to maintain the policy of active involvement with the developing world that we have pursued over the past four years. The actions we have taken in such areas as energy, trade, mmodities, and international financial institutions are all important to the welfare of the developing untries. Another important way the United States can directly assist these untries and demonstrate our ncern for their future is through our multilateral and bilateral foreign assistance program. The legislation which I will be submitting to you for FY provides the authority and the funds to carry on this activity. Prompt Congressional action on this legislation is essential in order to attack such high priority global problems as food and energy, meet our treaty and base rights agreements, ntinue our peace efforts in the Middle East, provide enomic and development support to untries in need, promote progress on North-South issues, protect Western interests, and unter Soviet influence. Our proposed FY bilateral development aid program is directly responsive to the agreement reached at the Venice Enomic Summit that the major industrial nations should increase their aid for food and energy production and for family planning. We understand that other Summit untries plan similar responses. It is also important to honor our international agreements for multilateral assistance by authorizing and appropriating funds for the International Financial Institutions. These multilateral programs enhance the efficiency of US ntributions by mbining them with those of many other donor untries to promote development; the proposed new World Bank affiliate to increase energy output in developing untries offers particular promise. All these types of aid benefit our longrun enomic and political interests. Progress was made on a number of enomic issues in negotiations throughout the UN system. However, in spite of lengthy efforts in the United Nations, agreement has not been reached on how to launch a process of Global Negotiations in which nations might llectively work to solve such important issues as energy, food, protectionism, and population pressures. The United States ntinues to believe that progress can best be made when nations focus on such specific problems, rather than on procedural and institutional questions. It will ntinue to work to move the North-South dialogue into a more nstructive phase. FOOD—THE WAR ON HUNGER The War on Hunger must be a ntinuous urgent priority. Major portions of the world's population ntinue to be threatened by the specter of hunger and malnutrition. During the past year, some million people in African untries were faced with near disaster as the result of serious drought, induced food shortages. Our government, working in ncert with the UN's Food and Agricultural Organization FAO helped to respond to that need. But the problems of hunger cannot be solved by short-term measures. We must ntinue to support those activities, bilateral and multilateral, which aim at improving food production especially in developing untries and assuring global food security. These measures are necessary to the maintenance of a stable and healthy world enomy. I am pleased that negotiation of a new Food Aid Convention, which guarantees a minimum annual level of food assistance, was successfully ncluded in March. The establishment of the International Emergency Wheat Reserve will enable the U.S. to meet its mmitment under the new Convention to feed hungry people, even in times of short supply. Of immediate ncern is the prospect of millions of Africans threatened by famine because of drought and civil disturbances. The U.S. plea for increased food aid resulted in the organization of an international pledging nference and we are hopeful that widespread starvation will be avoided. Good progress has been made since the Venice Enomic Summit called for increased effort on this front. We and other donor untries have begun to assist poor untries develop long-term strategies to improve their food production. The World Bank will invest up to billion in the next few years in improving the grain storage and food-handling capacity of untries prone to food shortages. Good progress has been made since the Tokyo Enomic Summit called for increased effort on this front. The World Bank is giving this problem top priority, as are some other donor untries. The resources of the nsultative Group on International Agricultural Research will be doubled over a five-year period. The work of our own Institute of Scientific and Technological Cooperation will further strengthen the search for relevant new agricultural technologies. The goal of freeing the world from hunger by the year should mmand the full support of all untries. "The Human Dimension of Foreign   Policy" HUMAN RIGHTS The human rights policy of the United States has been an integral part of our overall foreign policy for the past several years. This policy serves the national interest of the United States in several important ways: by enuraging respect by governments for the basic rights of human beings, it promotes peaceful, nstructive change, reduces the likelihood of internal pressures for violent change and for the exploitation of these by our adversaries, and thus directly serves our long-term interest in peace and stability; by matching espousal of fundamental American principles of freedom with specific foreign policy actions, we stand out in vivid ntrast to our ideological adversaries; by our efforts to expand freedom elsewhere, we render our own freedom, and our own nation, more secure. Countries that respect human rights make stronger allies and better friends. Rather than attempt to dictate what system of government or institutions other untries should have, the U.S. supports, throughout the world, the internationally regnized human rights which all members of the United Nations have pledged themselves to respect. There is more than one model that can satisfy the ntinuing human reach for freedom and justice:  has been a year of some disappointments, but has also seen some positive developments in the ongoing struggle for fulfillment of human rights throughout the world. In the year we have seen: • Free elections were held and democratic governments installed in Peru, Dominica, and Jamaica. Honduras held a free election for installation of a nstituent assembly. An interim government was subsequently named pointing toward national presidential elections in . Brazil ntinues on its urse of political liberalization. • The Charter of Conduct" signed in Riobamba, Ecuador, by Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Peru, Costa Rica, Panama and Spain, affirms the importance of democracy and human rights for the Andean untries. • The Organization of American States, in its annual General Assembly, approved a resolution in support of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission's work. The resolution took note of the Commission's annual report, which described the status of human rights in Chile, El Salvador, Paraguay and Uruguay; and the special reports on Argentina and Haiti, which described human rights nditions as investigated during on-site inspections to these untries. • The awarding of the Nobel Prize for Peace to Adolfo Perez Esquivel of Argentina for his non-violent advocacy of human rights. • The United States was able to rejoin the International Labor Organization after an absence of two years, as that UN body reformed its procedures to return to its original purpose of strengthening employer-employee-government relations to insure human rights for the working people of the world. The United States, of urse, cannot take credit for all these various developments. But we can take satisfaction in knowing that our policies enurage and perhaps influence them. Those who see a ntradiction between our security and our humanitarian interests forget that the basis for a secure and stable society is the bond of trust between a government and its people. I profoundly believe that the future of our world is not to be found in authoritarianism: that wears the mask of order, or totalitarianism that wears the mask of justice. Instead, let us find our future in the human face of democracy, the human voice of individual liberty, the human hand of enomic development. HUMANITARIAN AID The United States has ntinued to play its traditional role of safehaven for those who flee or are forced to flee their homes because of persecution or war. During , the United States provided resettlement opportunities for , refugees from untries around the globe. In addition, the United States joined with other nations to provide relief to refugees in untry of first asylum in Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. The great majority of refugee admissions ntinued to be from Indochina. During , , Indochinese were resettled in the United States. Although refugee populations persist in camps in Southeast Asia, and refugees ntinue to flee Vietnam, Laos and Kampuchea, the flow is not as great as in the past. One factor in reducing the flow from Vietnam has been the successful negotiation and mmencement of an Orderly Departure Program which permits us to process Vietnamese for resettlement in the United States with direct departure from H, Chi Minh Ville in an orderly fashion. The first group of departed Vietnam for the United States in December, . In addition to the refugees admitted last year, the United States accepted for entry into the United States , Cubans who were expelled by Fidel Castro. Federal and state authorities, as well as private voluntary agencies, responded with unprecedented vigor to ping with the unexpected influx of Cubans. Major relief efforts to aid refugees in untries of first asylum ntinued in several areas of the world. In December, , thirty-two nations, meeting in New York City, agreed to ntribute million to the ntinuing famine relief program in Kampuchea. Due in great part to the generosity of the American people and the leadership exercised in the international arena by the United States, we have played the pivotal role in ameliorating massive suffering in Kampuchea. The United States has taken the lead among a group of donor untries who are providing relief to some two million refugees in the Horn of Africa who have been displaced by fighting in Ethiopia. U.S. assistance, primarily to Somalia, nsists of million worth of food and million in cash and kind. Here again, United States efforts can in large part be credited with keeping hundreds of thousands of people alive. Another major international relief effort has been mounted in Pakistan. The United States is one of untries plus the European Enomic Community who have been helping the Government of Pakistan to pe with the problem of feeding and sheltering the more than one million refugees that have been generated by the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. In April, , the Congress passed the Refugee Act of which brought together, for the first time, in one piece of legislation the various threads of U.S. policy towards refugees. The law laid down a new, broader definition of the term refugee, established mechanisms for arriving at a level of refugee admissions through nsultation with Congress, and established the Office of the United States Coordinator for Refugees. It cannot be ignored that the destructive and aggressive policies of the Soviet Union have added immeasurably to the suffering in these three tragic situations. The Control of Nuclear Weapons Together with our friends and allies, we are striving to build a world in which peoples with diverse interests can live freely and prosper. But all that humankind has achieved to date, all that we are seeking to acmplish, and human existence itself can be undone in an instant—in the catastrophe of a nuclear war. Thus one of the central objectives of my Administration has been to ntrol the proliferation of nuclear weapons to those nations which do not have them, and their further development by the existing nuclear powers—notably the Soviet Union and the United States. NON-PROLIFERATION My Administration has been mmitted to stemming the spread of nuclear weapons. Nuclear proliferation would raise the spectre of the use of nuclear explosives in crucial, unstable regions of the world endangering not only our security and that of our Allies, but that of the whole world. Non-proliferation is not and. can not be a unilateral U.S. policy, nor should it be an issue of ntention between the industrialized and developing states. The international non-proliferation effort requires the support of suppliers as well as importers of nuclear technology and materials. We have been proceeding on a number of fronts: • First, we have been seeking to enurage nations to accede to the Non-Proliferation Treaty. The U.S. is also actively enuraging other nations to accept full-spe safeguards on all of their nuclear activities and is asking other nuclear suppliers to adopt a full-spe safeguards requirement as a ndition for future supply. • Send, the International Nuclear Fuel Cycle Evaluation INFCE which was mpleted in , demonstrated that suppliers and recipients can work together on these technically mplex and sensitive issues. While differences remain, the INFCE effort provides a broader international basis for national decisions which must balance energy needs with non-proliferation ncerns. • Finally, we are working to enurage regional operation and restraint. Protol I of the Treaty of Tlatelol which will ntribute to the lessening of nuclear dangers for our Latin American neighbors ought now to be ratified by the United States Senate. LIMITATIONS ON STRATEGIC ARMS I remain nvinced that the SALT II Treaty is in our Nation's security interest and that it would add significantly to the ntrol of nuclear weapons. I strongly support ntinuation of the SALT process and the negotiation of more far-reaching mutual restraints on nuclear weaponry. CONCLUSION We have new support in the world for our purposes of national independence and individual human dignity. We have a new will at home to do what is required to keep us the strongest nation on earth. We must move together into this decade with the strength which mes from realization of the dangers before us and from the nfidence that together we can overme them. "JIMMY CARTER   The White House," January , . This last few months has not been an easy time for any of us. As we meet tonight, it has never been more clear that the state of our Union depends on the state of the world. And tonight, as throughout our own generation, freedom and peace in the world depend on the state of our Union. The 's have been born in turmoil, strife, and change. This is a time of challenge to our interests and our values and it's a time that tests our wisdom and our skills. At this time in Iran, Americans are still held captive, innocent victims of terrorism and anarchy. Also at this moment, massive Soviet troops are attempting to subjugate the fiercely independent and deeply religious people of Afghanistan. These two acts—one of international terrorism and one of military aggression-present a serious challenge to the United States of America and indeed to all the nations of the world. Together, we will meet these threats to peace. I'm determined that the United States will remain the strongest of all nations, but our power will never be used to initiate a threat to the security of any nation or to the rights of any human being. We seek to be and to remain secure—a nation at peace in a stable world. But to be secure we must face the world as it is. Three basic developments have helped to shape our challenges: the steady growth and increased projection of Soviet military power beyond its own borders; the overwhelming dependence of the Western democracies on oil supplies from the Middle East; and the press of social and religious and enomic and political change in the many nations of the developing world, exemplified by the revolution in Iran. Each of these factors is important in its own right. Each interacts with the others. All must be faced together, squarely and urageously. We will face these challenges, and we will meet them with the best that is in us. And we will not fail. In response to the abhorrent act in Iran, our Nation has never been aroused and unified so greatly in peacetime. Our position is clear. The United States will not yield to blackmail. We ntinue to pursue these specific goals: first, to protect the present and long-range interests of the United States; sendly, to preserve the lives of the American hostages and to secure, as quickly as possible, their safe release, if possible, to avoid bloodshed which might further endanger the lives of our fellow citizens; to enlist the help of other nations in ndemning this act of violence, which is shocking and violates the moral and the legal standards of a civilized world; and also to nvince and to persuade the Iranian leaders that the real danger to their nation lies in the north, in the Soviet Union and from the Soviet troops now in Afghanistan, and that the unwarranted Iranian quarrel with the United States hampers their response to this far greater danger to them. If the American hostages are harmed, a severe price will be paid. We will never rest until every one of the American hostages are released. But now we face a broader and more fundamental challenge in this region because of the recent military action of the Soviet Union. Now, as during the last / decades, the relationship between our untry, the United States of America, and the Soviet Union is the most critical factor in determining whether the world will live at peace or be engulfed in global nflict. Since the end of the Send World War, America has led other nations in meeting the challenge of mounting Soviet power. This has not been a simple or a static relationship. Between us there has been operation, there has been mpetition, and at times there has been nfrontation. In the 's we took the lead in creating the Atlantic Alliance in response to the Soviet Union's suppression and then nsolidation of its East European empire and the resulting threat of the Warsaw Pact to Western Europe. In the 's we helped to ntain further Soviet challenges in Korea and in the Middle East, and we rearmed to assure the ntinuation of that ntainment. In the 's we met the Soviet challenges in Berlin, and we faced the Cuban missile crisis. And we sought to engage the Soviet Union in the important task of moving beyond the ld war and away from nfrontation. And in the 's three American Presidents negotiated with the Soviet leaders in attempts to halt the growth of the nuclear arms race. We sought to establish rules of behavior that would reduce the risks of nflict, and we searched for areas of operation that uld make our relations reciprocal and productive, not only for the sake of our two nations but for the security and peace of the entire world. In all these actions, we have maintained two mmitments: to be ready to meet any challenge by Soviet military power, and to develop ways to resolve disputes and to keep the peace. Preventing nuclear war is the foremost responsibility of the two superpowers. That's why we've negotiated the strategic arms limitation treaties—SALT I and SALT II. Especially now, in a time of great tension, observing the mutual nstraints imposed by the terms of these treaties will be in the best interest of both untries and will help to preserve world peace. I will nsult very closely with the Congress on this matter as we strive to ntrol nuclear weapons. That effort to ntrol nuclear weapons will not be abandoned. We superpowers also have the responsibility to exercise restraint in the use of our great military force. The integrity and the independence of weaker nations must not be threatened. They must know that in our presence they are secure. But now the Soviet Union has taken a radical and an aggressive new step. It's using its great military power against a relatively defenseless nation. The implications of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan uld pose the most serious threat to the peace since the Send World War. The vast majority of nations on Earth have ndemned this latest Soviet attempt to extend its lonial domination of others and have demanded the immediate withdrawal of Soviet troops. The Moslem world is especially and justifiably outraged by this aggression against an Islamic people. No action of a world power has ever been so quickly and so overwhelmingly ndemned. But verbal ndemnation is not enough. The Soviet Union must pay a ncrete price for their aggression. While this invasion ntinues, we and the other nations of the world cannot nduct business as usual with the Soviet Union. That's why the United States has imposed stiff enomic penalties on the Soviet Union. I will not issue any permits for Soviet ships to fish in the astal waters of the United States. I've cut Soviet access to high-technology equipment and to agricultural products. I've limited other mmerce with the Soviet Union, and I've asked our allies and friends to join with us in restraining their own trade with the Soviets and not to replace our own embargoed items. And I have notified the Olympic Committee that with Soviet invading forces in Afghanistan, neither the American people nor I will support sending an Olympic team to Mosw. The Soviet Union is going to have to answer some basic questions: Will it help promote a more stable international environment in which its own legitimate, peaceful ncerns can be pursued? Or will it ntinue to expand its military power far beyond its genuine security needs, and use that power for lonial nquest? The Soviet Union must realize that its decision to use military force in Afghanistan will be stly to every political and enomic relationship it values. The region which is now threatened by Soviet troops in Afghanistan is of great strategic importance: It ntains more than two-thirds of the world's exportable oil. The Soviet effort to dominate Afghanistan has brought Soviet military forces to within miles of the Indian Ocean and close to the Straits of Hormuz, a waterway through which most of the world's oil must flow. The Soviet Union is now attempting to nsolidate a strategic position, therefore, that poses a grave threat to the free movement of Middle East oil. This situation demands careful thought, steady nerves, and resolute action, not only for this year but for many years to me. It demands llective efforts to meet this new threat to security in the Persian Gulf and in Southwest Asia. It demands the participation of all those who rely on oil from the Middle East and who are ncerned with global peace and stability. And it demands nsultation and close operation with untries in the area which might be threatened. Meeting this challenge will take national will, diplomatic and political wisdom, enomic sacrifice, and, of urse, military capability. We must call on the best that is in us to preserve the security of this crucial region. Let our position be absolutely clear: An attempt by any outside force to gain ntrol of the Persian Gulf region will be regarded as an assault on the vital interests of the United States of America, and such an assault will be repelled by any means necessary, including military force. During the past years, you have joined with me to improve our own security and the prospects for peace, not only in the vital oil-producing area of the Persian Gulf region but around the world. We've increased annually our real mmitment for defense, and we will sustain this increase of effort throughout the Five Year Defense Program. It's imperative that Congress approve this strong defense budget for , enmpassing a -percent real growth in authorizations, without any reduction. We are also improving our capability to deploy U.S. military forces rapidly to distant areas. We've helped to strengthen NATO and our other alliances, and recently we and other NATO members have decided to develop and to deploy modernized, intermediate-range nuclear forces to meet an unwarranted and increased threat from the nuclear weapons of the Soviet Union. We are working with our allies to prevent nflict in the Middle East. The peace treaty between Egypt and Israel is a notable achievement which represents a strategic asset for America and which also enhances prospects for regional and world peace. We are now engaged in further negotiations to provide full autonomy for the people of the West Bank and Gaza, to resolve the Palestinian issue in all its aspects, and to preserve the peace and security of Israel. Let no one doubt our mmitment to the security of Israel. In a few days we will observe an historic event when Israel makes another major withdrawal from the Sinai and when Ambassadors will be exchanged between Israel and Egypt. We've also expanded our own sphere of friendship. Our deep mmitment to human rights and to meeting human needs has improved our relationship with much of the Third World. Our decision to normalize relations with the People's Republic of China will help to preserve peace and stability in Asia and in the Western Pacific. We've increased and strengthened our naval presence in the Indian Ocean, and we are now making arrangements for key naval and air facilities to be used by our forces in the region of northeast Africa and the Persian Gulf. We've renfirmed our agreement to help Pakistan preserve its independence and its integrity. The United States will take action nsistent with our own laws to assist Pakistan in resisting any outside aggression. And I'm asking the Congress specifically to reaffirm this agreement. I'm also working, along with the leaders of other nations, to provide additional military and enomic aid for Pakistan. That request will me to you in just a few days. In the weeks ahead, we will further strengthen political and military ties with other nations in the region. We believe that there are no irrencilable differences between us and any Islamic nation. We respect the faith of Islam, and we are ready to operate with all Moslem untries. Finally, we are prepared to work with other untries in the region to share a operative security framework that respects differing values and political beliefs, yet which enhances the independence, security, and prosperity of all. All these efforts mbined emphasize our dedication to defend and preserve the vital interests of the region and of the nation which we represent and those of our allies—in Europe and the Pacific, and also in the parts of the world which have such great strategic importance to us, stretching especially through the Middle East and Southwest Asia. With your help, I will pursue these efforts with vigor and with determination. You and I will act as necessary to protect and to preserve our Nation's security. The men and women of America's Armed Forces are on duty tonight in many parts of the world. I'm proud of the job they are doing, and I know you share that pride. I believe that our volunteer forces are adequate for current defense needs, and I hope that it will not beme necessary to impose a draft. However, we must be prepared for that possibility. For this reason, I have determined that the Selective Service System must now be revitalized. I will send legislation and budget proposals to the Congress next month so that we can begin registration and then meet future mobilization needs rapidly if they arise. We also need clear and quick passage of a new charter to define the legal authority and acuntability of our intelligence agencies. We will guarantee that abuses do not recur, but we must tighten our ntrols on sensitive intelligence information, and we need to remove unwarranted restraints on America's ability to llect intelligence. The decade ahead will be a time of rapid change, as nations everywhere seek to deal with new problems and age-old tensions. But America need have no fear. We can thrive in a world of change if we remain true to our values and actively engaged in promoting world peace. We will ntinue to work as we have for peace in the Middle East and southern Africa. We will ntinue to build our ties with developing nations, respecting and helping to strengthen their national independence which they have struggled so hard to achieve. And we will ntinue to support the growth of democracy and the protection of human rights. In repressive regimes, popular frustrations often have no outlet except through violence. But when peoples and their governments can approach their problems together through open, democratic methods, the basis for stability and peace is far more solid and far more enduring. That is why our support for human rights in other untries is in our own national interest as well as part of our own national character. Peace—a peace that preserves freedom-remains America's first goal. In the ming years, as a mighty nation we will ntinue to pursue peace. But to be strong abroad we must be strong at home. And in order to be strong, we must ntinue to face up to the difficult issues that nfront us as a nation today. The crises in Iran and Afghanistan have dramatized a very important lesson: Our excessive dependence on foreign oil is a clear and present danger to our Nation's security. The need has never been more urgent. At long last, we must have a clear, mprehensive energy policy for the United States. As you well know, I have been working with the Congress in a ncentrated and persistent way over the past years to meet this need. We have made progress together. But Congress must act promptly now to mplete final action on this vital energy legislation. Our Nation will then have a major nservation effort, important initiatives to develop solar power, realistic pricing based on the true value of oil, strong incentives for the production of al and other fossil fuels in the United States, and our Nation's most massive peacetime investment in the development of synthetic fuels. The American people are making progress in energy nservation. Last year we reduced overall petroleum nsumption by percent and gasoline nsumption by percent below what it was the year before. Now we must do more. After nsultation with the Governors, we will set gasoline nservation goals for each of the States, and I will make them mandatory if these goals are not met. I've established an import ceiling for of . million barrels a day—well below the level of foreign oil purchases in . I expect our imports to be much lower than this, but the ceiling will be enforced by an oil import fee if necessary. I'm prepared to lower these imports still further if the other oil-nsuming untries will join us in a fair and mutual reduction. If we have a serious shortage, I will not hesitate to impose mandatory gasoline rationing immediately. The single biggest factor in the inflation rate last year, the increase in the inflation rate last year, was from one cause: the skyrocketing prices of OPEC oil. We must take whatever actions are necessary to reduce our dependence on foreign oil-and at the same time reduce inflation. As individuals and as families, few of us can produce energy by ourselves. But all of us can nserve energy—every one of us, every day of our lives. Tonight I call on you—in fact, all the people of America—to help our Nation. Conserve energy. Eliminate waste. Make indeed a year of energy nservation. Of urse, we must take other actions to strengthen our Nation's enomy. First, we will ntinue to reduce the deficit and then to balance the Federal budget. Send, as we ntinue to work with business to hold down prices, we'll build also on the historic national acrd with organized labor to restrain pay increases in a fair fight against inflation. Third, we will ntinue our successful efforts to cut paperwork and to dismantle unnecessary Government regulation. Fourth, we will ntinue our progress in providing jobs for America, ncentrating on a major new program to provide training and work for our young people, especially minority youth. It has been said that a mind is a terrible thing to waste." We will give our young people new hope for jobs and a better life in the 's. And fifth, we must use the decade of the 's to attack the basic structural weaknesses and problems in our enomy through measures to increase productivity, savings, and investment. With these energy and enomic policies, we will make America even stronger at home in this decade—just as our foreign and defense policies will make us stronger and safer throughout the world. We will never abandon our struggle for a just and a decent society here at home. That's the heart of America—and it's the source of our ability to inspire other people to defend their own rights abroad. Our material resources, great as they are, are limited. Our problems are too mplex for simple slogans or for quick solutions. We cannot solve them without effort and sacrifice. Walter Lippmann once reminded us, You took the good things for granted. Now you must earn them again. For every right that you cherish, you have a duty which you must fulfill. For every good which you wish to preserve, you will have to sacrifice your mfort and your ease. There is nothing for nothing any longer." Our challenges are formidable. But there's a new spirit of unity and resolve in our untry. We move into the 's with nfidence and hope and a bright vision of the America we want: an America strong and free, an America at peace, an America with equal rights for all citizens-and for women, guaranteed in the United States Constitution—an America with jobs and good health and good education for every citizen, an America with a clean and bountiful life in our cities and on our farms, an America that helps to feed the world, an America secure in filling its own energy needs, an America of justice, tolerance, and mpassion. For this vision to me true, we must sacrifice, but this national mmitment will be an exciting enterprise that will unify our people. Together as one people, let us work to build our strength at home, and together as one indivisible union, let us seek peace and security throughout the world. "Together let us make of this time of challenge and danger a decade of national resolve and of brave achievement.   Thank you very much." My State of the Union Address will be devoted to a discussion of the most important challenges facing our untry as we enter the 's. Over the ming year, those challenges will receive my highest priority and greatest efforts. However, there will also be many other significant areas which will receive my personal mmitment, as well as that of my Administration, during the nd Session of the th Congress. It is important that Congress, along with the public, be aware of these other vital areas of ncern as they listen to my State of the Union Address. In that way, the ntext of the Address, and my Administration's full message for , can best be understood. For that reason, I am sending this State of the Union Message to the Congress today, several days before my State of the Union Address. CONGRESS During the last three years, my Administration has developed a very operative and productive rerd with Congress. Landmark legislation has been enacted; major domestic and international problems have been addressed directly and resolved; and a spirit of mutual trust and respect has been restored to Executive. Legislative relations. Indeed, in no other three-year period in our recent past has there been a mparable rerd of progress and achievement for the American people. But much more remains to be done. We cannot afford to rest on our rerd. We cannot fail to mplete the agenda begun in the 's; we cannot ignore the new challenges of the 's. By ntinuing to work together, my Administration and the Congress can meet these goals. Our operative efforts can help to ensure stable prices and enomic growth; a return to energy security; an efficient, responsive government; a strong, unsurpassed defense capability; and world peace. The program that I have placed before the Congress since , mbined with the few new initiatives I will be placing before the Congress this year, will enable us to reach these goals. Our task in this Session is to mplete the work on that program. I have no doubt that we can do it. There is no time to waste. RECORD OF PROGRESS "When I took office in , our Nation faced a number of serious domestic and international problems:   • the enomy had still not revered from the most serious recession since World War II;   • unemployment was near and almost million American workers were unemployed;   • no national energy policy existed, and our dependence on foreign oil was rapidly increasing;   • public trust in the integrity and openness of the government was extremely low;   • the Federal government was operating inefficiently in administering essential programs and policies;   • major social problems were being ignored or poorly addressed by the Federal government;   • our defense posture was declining as a result of a ntinuously shrinking defense budget;   • the strength of the NATO Alliance was at a post-World War II low;   • tensions between Israel and Egypt threatened another Middle East war; and   • America's resolve to oppose international aggression and human rights violations was under serious question." Over the past months, clear progress has been made in solving the challenges we found in January of : • the unemployment rate at the end of last year of . representing a % decrease in three years; million jobs have been created, and more Americans, million, are at work than at any time in our history; • major parts of a mprehensive energy program have been enacted; a Department of Energy has been established to administer the program; and Congress is on the verge of enacting the remaining major parts of the energy program; • nfidence in the government's integrity has been restored, and respect for the government's openness and fairness has been renewed; • the government has been made more effective and efficient: the Civil Service system was mpletely reformed for the first time this century; reorganization initiatives have been proposed to the Congress, approved, and implemented, two new Cabinet departments have been created to nsolidate and streamline the government's handling of energy and education problems; inspectors general have been placed in each Cabinet department to mbat fraud, waste and other abuses; zero-based budgeting practices have been instituted throughout the Federal government; cash management reforms have saved hundreds of millions of dollars; the process of issuing regulations has been reformed to eliminate unneeded and inmprehensible regulations; procedures have been established to assure citizen participation in government; and the airline industry has been deregulated, at enormous savings to the nsumer. • critical social problems, many long ignored by the Federal government, have been addressed directly and boldly: an urban policy was developed and implemented, reversing the decline in our urban areas; the Food Stamp program has been expanded and the purchase requirement eliminated; the Social Security System was refinanced to put it on a sound financial basis; the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act was enacted; Federal assistance for education was expanded by %; the minimum wage was increased to levels needed to ease the effects of inflation; affirmative action has been pursued aggressively—more blacks, Hispanics and women have been appointed to senior government positions and to judgeships than at any other time in our history; the ERA ratification deadline was extended to aid the ratification effort; and minority business procurement by the Federal government has more than doubled; • the decline in defense spending has been reversed; defense spending has increased at a real rate of over % in , and I am proposing a real increase in the defense spending level of more than % over the next years; • the NATO Alliance has been revitalized and strengthened through substantially increased resources, new deterrent weapons, and improved ordination; increased emphasis has also been given to nventional force capabilities to meet crises in other areas of the world; • Egypt and Israel have ended more than years of war through a Peace Treaty that also established a framework for mprehensive peace in the Middle East; • the mmitment of our Nation to pursue human rights throughout the world, in nations which are friendly and those which are not, has been made clear to all; • our resolve to oppose aggression, such as the illegal invasion of the Soviet Union into Afghanistan, has been supported by tough action. LEGISLATIVE PRIORITIES In the ming legislative session, the last in this Presidential term, I am deeply mmitted to finishing the agenda that I have placed before the Congress. That agenda has been mprehensive and demanding, but it has also been absolutely essential for our Nation's well-being. "I do not plan to add significantly to the agenda this year. Because of the importance of enacting the proposals already before the Congress, and the relatively short Congressional session facing us, I will be limiting my major new proposals to a critical few:   • Youth Employment;   • General Revenue Sharing;   • Utility Oil Use Reduction;   • Nuclear Waste Management and Nuclear Regulatory Commission Re. organization;   • Standby Gasoline Rationing Plan; and   • Initiatives implementing my response to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan." I am nvinced that these new initiatives, along with the major proposals I previously made to the Congress, can be enacted this year, if we have a dedicated, all-out effort on the part of the Administration and the Congress. I pledge such an effort on my part, and that of my Administration. "As in the previous three years, I will be working with you toward the basic goals of:   • Ensuring our enomic strength;   • Creating energy security for our nation;   • Enhancing basic human and social needs;   • Making our government more efficient and effective;   • Protecting and enhancing our rights and liberties;   • Preserving and developing our natural resources;   • Building America's military strength;   • Working to resolve international disputes through peaceful means;   • Striving to resolve pressing international enomic problems;   • Continuing to support the building of democratic institutions and protecting human rights; and" • Preventing the spread and further development of nuclear weapons. My highest legislative priorities in each of these areas this year will be: ENSURING ECONOMIC STRENGTH • The FY Budget—This is a responsible, restrained budget, whose enactment will help ntrol Federal spending, significantly reduce the Federal deficit, and aid in our fight against inflation. • Hospital Cost Containment—This long overdue legislation is a major weapon in our fight against inflation; it will save nsumers more billions of dollars and is the single most important anti-inflation bill before the Congress. • Youth Education, Training and Employment Program—This new initiative, which is designed to educate and train youth to secure and hold meaningful jobs, will provide enhanced opportunities for disadvantaged youth as well as improve the productivity of our work force. CREATING ENERGY SECURITY FOR OUR NATION • Windfall Profits Tax—The size of this important energy and tax measure has been agreed to by the nferees, but it is imperative that final agreement on a tax reflecting sound energy policy occur at the outset of this session and that Congress act promptly on that agreement. • Energy Mobilization Board—It is also essential that this vital measure in the effort to eliminate unnecessary red tape in the nstruction of needed energy facilities be agreed to promptly by the nferees and the Congress, without substantive waivers of law. • Energy Security Corporation—The nferees and the Congress also need to act expeditiously on this legislation. This bill is critical to our Nation's beginning a serious, massive program to develop alternative energy fuels so that our dependence on foreign oil can be severely reduced. It is necessary to remove this critical national effort from the nstraints which can bind government agencies. This legislation ntains, as well, vital energy nservation and gasohol provisions. They are needed if we are to move forward in our national efforts in these areas. • Utility Oil Use Reduction—This new initiative will aid in the effort to reduce our reliance on oil by requiring our Nation's utilities to substantially nvert from oil to al-burning or other energy facilities by our Nation's utilities over a defined timetable. This bill is a key tool in our effort to increase the use of al, our most abundant natural fuel source. • Standby Gasoline Rationing Plan-Under the legislation enacted last year, I will propose to the Congress a Standby Gasoline Rationing Plan; its prompt approval will be required if we are to be prepared for a significant energy supply interruption. ENHANCING BASIC HUMAN AND SOCIAL NEEDS • National Health Plan—The time for improving the health care provided to our citizens is long overdue, and I am nvinced that the health plan I proposed last year provides a realistic, affordable and beneficial way of providing our citizens with the health care they need and deserve. It will provide millions of low-inme Americans with health verage for the first time, improved Medicare verage for the elderly, and protect every American against the disastrous sts of extended illness. Our national health effort also needs prompt enactment of two other important bills—Child Health Assurance Program, which will provide needed health care for disadvantaged children, and Mental Health Systems Act, which is needed to reform our mental health programs. • Welfare Reform—Our nation's welfare system remains a disgrace to both the recipient and the taxpayers. It enurages family instability and enurages waste. It is a crazy-quilt of differing provisions from state-to-state. The House has approved a sound welfare reform proposal. I call upon the Senate to act rapidly on this issue so that welfare reform can beme a reality in this Session. • General Revenue Sharing—I will propose a reauthorization of this important program to our state and local governments, in order to ntinue providing them with the funds that they depend upon to meet essential social and operating needs. This program is an essential element of the partnership I have forged with state and local governments and is critical to the ntinued enomic health of our states, cities and unties. • Countercyclical Revenue Sharing—I will again work with the Congress to provide the aid needed to help our most financially pressed local areas. The Senate has already acted and I urge prompt House passage early in the Session. • Low-Inme Energy Assistance—I am mmitted to seeking authority to ntinue the low-inme assistance program enacted at my request last year to give the poor protection against rising energy sts. • Enomic Development—This legislation will reauthorize and improve the government's ability to provide enomic development assistance. It is a key ingredient in implementing both my urban and rural policy and I urge prompt action on it by the House-Senate Conference. MAKING OUR GOVERNMENT MORE EFFICIENT AND EFFECTIVE • Regulatory Reform—I will ntinue to pursue efforts to eliminate unnecessary regulatory burdens, and will ncentrate on seeking approval this year of my regulatory process reform bill, my trucking and rail deregulation proposals, my banking reform measures, and passage of sunset legislation and mmunications reform measures. Progress has been made on each of these during the First Session. Final passage should me before this Session ends. • Nuclear Regulatory Commission Reorganization—As I stated in responding to the Kemeny Commission Report, I will propose a reorganization of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in order to improve its management and its emergency operating capabilities. This is an essential step to the improvement of safety in the nuclear industry. PROTECTING AND ENHANCING' OUR RIGHTS AND LIBERTIES • Equal Rights Amendment—While the Congress has passed the Equal Right Amendment, and the possibility for ratification now lies with the State Legislatures, it is essential that the Members of Congress help with their State Legislatures. Toward that end, we will be working with Members from States which have not yet been ratified. We cannot stand tall as a Nation seeking to enhance human rights at home so long as we deny it to American women here at home. • Fair Housing—I will ntinue to press for enactment of this important civil rights initiative; it will enable the government to enforce our fair housing laws effectively and promptly. It is the most critical civil rights legislation before the Congress in years. The promise of equal housing opportunity has been far too long an empty promise. This bill will help make that promise a reality. • Intelligence Charters—I have already proposed a legislative charter for the FBI; I will soon be proposing a legislative charter for the intelligence mmunity. These charters will protect our citizens' rights while enabling the agencies to meet their responsibilities. PRESERVING AND DEVELOPING OUR NATURAL RESOURCES • Alaska D- Lands—My highest environmental priority in this Congress ntinues to be enactment of legislation that will preserve and protect Alaska lands. I urge the Senate to follow the House's lead in this area. • Oil and Hazardous Wastes Superfund—This program is needed to mitigate the effects of oil hazardous substance spills and releases from unntrolled hazardous waste dumps, which is a growing national problem. • Nuclear Waste Management—I will propose a series of legislative and administrative initiatives to implement our Nation's first mprehensive nuclear waste program. BUILDING AMERICA'S MILITARY STRENGTH • Defense Department Authorizations and Appropriations—I will be proposing a defense budget ntaining a .% real growth in outlays. It is essential that the Congress support an increase of that amount if we are to strengthen our defense capabilities. WORKING TO RESOLVE INTERNATIONAL DISPUTES • Refugee Legislation and Funding-This legislation is necessary to improve our refugee program and to provide needed domestic assistance to refugees. Prompt House action would assure that we have a sound framework within which to acmmodate the increasing flow of refugees. STRIVING TO RESOLVE INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC PROBLEMS • Bilateral and Multilateral Foreign Assistance—I will be proposing foreign assistance legislation which provides the authority needed to carry forward a operative relationship with a large number of developing nations. Prompt Congressional action is essential. • China Trade Agreement—I will be seeking early approval by the Congress of the Trade Agreement reached with China; the Agreement represents a major step forward in the process toward improved enomic relations with China. "CONTINUING TO SUPPORT THE BUILDING, OF DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS   AND PROTECTING HUMAN RIGHTS" • Special International Security Assistance for Pakistan—I am sending to Congress a military and enomic assistance program to enable Pakistan to strengthen its defenses. Prompt enactment will be one of my highest legislative priorities. • Human Rights Conventions—I will ntinue to press the Senate to ratify five key human rights treaties—the American Convention on Human Rights, the Convention on Racial Discrimination, the UN Covenants on Civil and Political Rights, and on Enomic and Social and Cultural Rights, and the Genocide Convention. PREVENTING THE SPREAD AND FURTHER DEVELOPMENT OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS • SALT II I firmly believe that SALT II is in our Nation's security interest and that it will add significantly to the ntrol of nuclear weapons. But because of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, I do not believe it is advisable to have the Senate nsider the Treaty now. I. ENSURING ECONOMIC STRENGTH "My enomic program, since I took office, has been designed to achieve several goals:   —restore and ntinue enomic growth;   —reduce unemployment; and   —restrain inflation." Over the past three years, nsiderable progress has been made in each of these areas: —The enomy has revered from its deepest recession since World War II; and we have had a sustained enomic revery during the last three years. —Unemployment has been reduced by % and employment is at its highest level in history. —Inflation has increased to unacceptable levels, in large part because of OPEC price increases, but a program has now been put in place which will moderate inflation in an equitable and effective way. In , we will ntinue the steady enomic policies which have worked to date. We can only succeed in making our enomy strong, however, if we have Congress' operation. I am nfident that we can work together successfully this year to achieve our enomic goals. INFLATION "Inflation ntinues to be our most serious enomic problem. Restraining inflation remains my highest domestic priority.   Inflation at the current, unacceptably high levels is the direct result of enomic problems that have been building, virtually without letup, for over a decade. There are no easy answers, or quick solutions to inflation. It cannot be eliminated overnight; its roots in our enomy are too deep, its causes are too pervasive and mplex. We know we cannot spend our way out of this problem." But there is hope—for a gradual reduction in the inflation rate, for an easing of the enomic pressures causing inflation. The hope lies in a program of public and private restraint in the short-run and a program to attack the structural causes of inflation over the longer-run. This is the policy I have pursued and will ntinue to pursue. Last year was an especially difficult time for anti-inflation policies. OPEC increased its prices by more than % and thus added more than three points to the inflation rate. If energy price increases are excluded, inflation last year would have been nearly three percentage points lower. The biggest challenge to anti-inflation policy is to keep energy price' increases from doing permanent damage, to prevent a dangerous acceleration of the wageprice spiral. My program has been successful in acmplishing this. Inflation will slow this year. In it should be even lower. This progress is the result of our persistence in the battle against inflation on many fronts: Budget Restraint: The budget deficit for FY was lowered to . billion, more than % below the FY level. Regulatory Reform: The flood of new, stly government regulations was slowed as our procedures to ensure that we achieve our regulatory goals in the most st-effective manner took hold. Wage-Price Guidelines: The guideline standards were followed by the vast majority of unions which negotiated ntracts and by nearly every major rporation in the untry. Energy: The energy legislation put into place over the past two years began to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and our nsumption of such important energy fuels as gasoline, thereby reducing the ability of oil producing nations to disrupt our enomy. Productivity: We began to introduce policies to increase industrial innovation and thereby productivity; the decline in productivity growth must be reversed if we are to improve our real living standards over the long term. In , with the Congress' operation, we will ntinue our aggressive fight against inflation on each of these major fronts: Budget Restraint: The deficit for the FY budget will be less than half of the FY budget deficit and will represent a % reduction from the deficit I inherited. Regulatory Reform: We will be pursuing deregulation legislation for the trucking, rail, banking and mmunications industries, as well as regulatory management reform legislation; these bills will enable us to further eliminate unnecessary regulatory burdens. Labor Acrd: The Pay Advisory and Price Advisory Committees, established as a result of last year's historic Acrd with organized labor will enable us to better implement, and ordinate with both labor and business, the private restraint necessary as part of our anti-inflation efforts. The Acrd signals a willingness of labor to be a full partner in our fight against inflation. Energy: We expect to enact major energy legislation—the Windfall Profits Tax, the Energy Mobilization Board, and the Energy Security Corporation—early in this Session; this legislation, when mbined with the voluntary and mandatory energy nservation measures that will take an even stronger hold this year, should enable us to further reduce our dependence on foreign oil. Productivity: We will be implementing our industrial innovation program and further expanding our mmitment in the budget to research and development. COUNCIL ON WAGE AND PRICE STABILITY The Council on Wage and Price Stability has played a vital role in our anti-inflation efforts. The Council and its staff have lead responsibility within the Executive branch for implementing the voluntary wage and price monitoring program. Without the Council's ntinuing role, the anti-inflation effort uld not begin to assess whether the private sector is operating with our standards. It is therefore essential that the Council, along with its staff operation, be reauthorized early this year. The reauthorization should not ntain amendments that interrupt or restrain the important and essential work of the Council or its staff. THE BUDGET The budget I will send to the Congress for FY will meet this Nation's critical needs; and it will ntinue the sound budgetary policies that my Administration has pursued throughout my term in office. No single year's budget can accurately portray the philosophy of an Administration. However, there is a clear pattern in the budgets I have proposed—restraint in spending, upled with careful targeting of resources to areas of greatest need. My budget ntinues this pattern by lowering the deficit roughly billion below what it was when I ran for office. At the same time, I will remmend increases for programs of critical national ncern. Last year, my budget was austere. I proposed eliminating some programs and reducing spending for others; and these tough decisions have proven rrect and have provided the untry with clear benefits. I am pleased that the Congress approved my budget in virtually the form I proposed. As a result of our actions, the rate of Federal spending growth has been slowed. Just as importantly, the widespread expectation that the Federal budget would ntinue its upward spiral unchecked has been proven false. We have moved on to the path necessary for achieving a balanced budget in the very near future. And we have helped the fight against inflation.. The Budget will ntinue my policy of restraint. Real growth in spending will be close to zero. The deficit will be cut by more than half from last year. The deficit as a percent of the budget and of GNP will be at the send lowest point in this decade. We will have the smallest deficit in seven years. And if the enomy were to ntinue to grow at a rate which held the unemployment rate at the current level, this budget would be in surplus. At the same time, I am proposing some vital spending increases in the Budge. Most of these increases will be in unntrollable" programs those in which increases are automatically required by existing law). There will also be discretionary increases; in part, to strengthen our defense forces and enhance our crucial investments in energy production and nservation. In addition, I will propose a major new initiative to reduce youth unemployment, and State and local governments will receive ntinued fiscal support from the General Revenue Sharing extension I will propose. Developing the budget this year has been, in several respects, more difficult than in previous years. International turmoil threatens our vital interests, energy problems dampen the enomy and alter our domestic priorities, and inflation erodes basic programs, all adding new pressures for Federal spending. But I am nfident that this budget responds responsibly-and with needed resources—to our Nation's most pressing needs and positions us for responsible and effective government in the 's. FISCAL POLICY As President, I have been ncerned about the tax burden on our citizens and have, as a result, worked with the Congress to enact two major tax cuts. In , I proposed, and Congress passed, an billion individual tax cut as part of the enomic stimulus package. In , I proposed, and Congress passed, a billion individual and business tax cut. This year, those two cuts will reduce Americans' tax burden by billion. I regnize that there is interest in another tax cut this year, but my budget proposes no tax cuts. As long as double-digit inflation ntinues and there is no sign of a recession, our top budgetary priority must be reduction of the deficit. Over the long run, ntinued tight ntrol over budget expenditures will hold down the share of Federal spending in GNP. Inflation, on the other hand, is raising the percentage of national inme llected in taxes. Over time, because of these two developments, tax reductions will be possible while still maintaining the fiscal restraint needed to ntrol inflation. However, the timing and structure of any tax reductions is of critical importance and must be dictated by our enomic circumstances: the urgency of the anti-inflation fight requires that we defer such tax reductions at this time. Tax reductions put into effect prematurely, and under the wrong enomic nditions, uld make inflation worse by overstimulating the enomy. Inflation is still running at unacceptably high levels. Virtually all enomic forecasters predict the onset of a mild recession and my Administration's estimates of budget receipts and expenditures in the FY budget assume a recession. However, none of the current enomic statistics yet show any overall enomic decline. In recent months the enomy has displayed much more strength than earlier forecasts had predicted. Forecasts of impending recession may therefore prove to be. as wrong as previous ones. Employment has held up well—in part due to unsatisfactory productivity performance. To enact tax cuts now would run a serious risk of adding inflationary demand pressures to an enomy which ntinues to grow more strongly than predicted by the forecasts. With the present high inflation, we cannot afford that risk. When tax reductions are timely, they should be designed insofar as possible in a way that achieves multiple objectives-not only reducing the tax burden and stimulating growth, but raising investment and productivity and reducing inflation as well. In particular, a significant part of any tax reduction should be directed to the provision of incentives for increased investment, to improve productivity, expand capacity, and adjust to higher energy prices. Serious nsideration should be given, in the case of tax cuts for individuals, to lowering social security payroll taxes, since half of such reductions would go towards lowering business sts and prices. The necessities of the inflation fight require that we be very cautious about when taxes are reduced, and how it is done. But they do not require that we ignore changes in enomic nditions. Should the enomic situation and prospects sharply worsen, I will nsider remmendations to deal with the situation. Under those circumstances, tax cuts and other measures uld be taken to improve the prospects for employment and growth, to reduce business sts, and to assist those most severely damaged by recession, without threatening to set off inflationary demand pressures. However, the current enomic situation does not warrant such measures and it would be inappropriate to propose them at this time. EMPLOYMENT My Administration, working closely with Congress, has made significant progress in reducing the serious unemployment problems that existed three years ago. • The December unemployment rate of .% represents a % reduction from the December rate. • Over . million more people have jobs than before the beginning of the Administration. • Total employment has reached an all-time high of million in December. • Nonwhite employment has increased by . million persons or .%. • Adult female employment has increased by million persons. • Employment of black teenagers, which had actually decreased during the - period, has increased by more than % since I took office. Although unemployment rates for all youth, especially minority youth, are still too high, progress has been made. We will ntinue to make progress in the 's as a result of the framework which has already been established and which will be strengthened this year. • The Comprehensive Employment and Training Act CETA) was reauthorized in for four years. • The Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act became law after many years of effort. • The Private Sector Initiatives Program, a new partnership between the government and the private sector to assist the most disadvantaged unemployed, is being successfully implemented. • A targeted jobs tax credit has been enacted to provide employers with the enomic incentives needed to increase their hiring of unemployed low-inme youth and others who historically have difficulty finding jobs. • A massive effort to reduce the problems causing excessive youth unemployment rates is being strengthened and revitalized this year with a new billion youth education, training, and employment program. This year, we will work aggressively to make certain that this framework ntinues to be successfully implemented. Even that effort may not be sufficient, if enomic forecasts are accurate, to keep the unemployment rate from rising. We will be monitoring the enomy closely. If unemployment should dramatically increase, I will be prepared to nsider actions to unter that increase, nsistent with our overriding ncern about accelerating inflation. At this time though, when unemployment is at its lowest level in years, it would be premature and unwise to propose measures that might be helpful in a time of recession-induced high unemployment. YOUTH EMPLOYMENT The fact that we have had persistently high unemployment among poor and minority youth for three decades demonstrates clearly the inadequacies of our system for teaching, training and helping young people to find and keep decent jobs. The enomic challenges of the 's will require the energy and mmitment of the entire American work force. We cannot afford to waste anyone's talents. If we are to beme the society of our ideals, we must provide enomic opportunity for all. My Administration is mmitted to a renewed national effort to remove any unnecessary obstacles to a productive life for every American. Over the past three years, we have developed a solid rerd. We have increased resources for youth employment and training programs from . to over billion. We have nducted the largest experimental youth program effort ever attempted. We have reduced overall youth unemployment rates by %. But this is not good enough. Youth unemployment, especially for the poor and minorities, is still unacceptably high. Based on the experience we have gained over the past three years, and on the advice of the thousands of Americans who helped the Vice President's Task Force on Youth Employment over the last nine months, my Administration has devised a new approach, which I announced two weeks ago. Under my program, the most significant new domestic initiative I will be sending to Congress this year, the Federal government will be making its most mprehensive effort ever to eradicate the causes of excessive and harmful youth unemployment. By this new program will have increased Federal resources mmitted to reducing youth unemployment by billion, to a total of billion. The program will have two key mponents: for in school youth, we will have a major effort through the Department of Education to teach basic skills to low-achieving youth in junior and senior high schools located in low-inme mmunities, while providing work experience and training after school hours. For disadvantaged out-of-school youth, we will provide, through the Department of Labor, redesigned and expanded work experience and training programs, as well as basic skills programs managed by the Department of Education. "The Department of Education's basic education and skill training program, when fully implemented, will provide basic education and employment skills to approximately million low-achieving junior and senior high school students in about , of the poorest urban and rural school districts around the untry. The new program will emphasize:   —basic skills for low-achieving youngsters, including help for students with limited ability in English;   —school-wide planning with the active involvement of teachers, parents, employers, and the mmunity;   —using the link between work and classroom-learning as a way to motivate students to stay in school; and   —a major role for vocational education in preparing young people for work." "The Department of Labor's new Youth Employment Program, when fully implemented, will provide education, work experience, training, labor market information and other services to more than , additional young people in each year. The new resources, when added to current programs, will serve over . million - to -year olds each year.   The program will emphasize:   —additional training and work experience opportunities for older and out-of-school youth;   —stringent performance standards for both participants and program operators;   —financial incentives to enurage greater operation between CETA sponsors, local employers, and school officials; and   —nsolidation of three of the existing CETA youth programs and closer ordination with the summer employment program to simplify local administration and reduce paperwork." We have learned from the 's and the 's. We know we must ncentrate on administration and management. We know that we must have tough performance standards, not merely allocation formulas. We know that the partnership between government and all elements of the private sector must be made a reality, and that focusing on basic skills now is the key to job success in the future. We also know that the hope our young people have for their lives in this great untry is our most precious resource. We must keep that hope alive. We will be working closely and intensively with the Congress to enact and carry out this youth employment program as soon as possible. TRADE This past year was one of unmatched and historic achievement for a vital mponent of the U.S. enomy—exports and trade. In , nearly million jobs in our manufacturing industries, or one out of every seven jobs in manufacturing, depended upon our export performance in overseas markets. Our exports were a key ntributor to the growth of the U.S. enomy in . Exports of agricultural and industrial goods grew by an unparalleled billion, reaching a level of billion. This represented an increase of % over exports in . This rerd increase in exports, upled with a slower rate of growth of imports, resulted in substantial improvements of billion in our balance of trade. Furthermore, a rapid growth of service exports in led to a billion improvement in the current acunt, bringing that acunt from a deficit in to near balance in . I expect that in our exports will ntinue to strengthen and that, if we can ntinue to further nserve and limit imports of oil, we will further improve our trade Balance position and that of the dollar. The future for American exports is bright, and will remain so, despite the necessity of suspending certain exports to the Soviet Union. This Administration has acmplished several goals in the last year in assuring that there will ntinue to be greater exports and, therefore, job possibilities for U.S. workers and farmers. To improve the ndition of access of U.S. exports to foreign markets, I signed into force in July of last year a new trade act which reflected two years of hard bargaining in the recently ncluded round of multilateral trade negotiations. These negotiations, which included all major developed and lesser developed untries, resulted in agreements to strengthen the rules of nduct of international trade and open new markets to U.S. exports. These negotiations were of historic importance in their spe and acmplishment, and their success is attributable to close operation that existed during and after the negotiations between the Congress, the private sector and the Administration. Our negotiating success now challenges us to take advantage of the opportunity for improving further our export performance. To meet this challenge, I proposed in a major reorganization of the government's trade policy and export promotion activities. That reorganization will strengthen government ordination in the trade field and provide an improved basis for protecting American interest in the recently negotiated trade agreements. I put this reorganization into effect, with Congressional approval, earlier this month. With the changes initiated in my trade reorganization, we will ensure that trade between the United States and its trading partners will be nducted fairly and openly. Consistent with my decisions on suspending certain types of trade with the Soviet Union, my Administration will be seeking this year to find additional ways to foster U.S. export expansion. We are studying the possibility of further agreements on expanded trade with both traditional and newer trade partners, including China. I look forward to working with the Congress on ways we can ntinue to improve our trading position which, in turn, will help maintain a prosperous American enomy. SMALL BUSINESS This year marks the high point of three years of acmplishment for small business under my Administration, and the beginning of a decade of ntinuing effort to strengthen this large and vital sector of our enomy. The White House Conference on Small Business, which I nvened eighteen months ago and which has just ncluded its deliberations, fulfills a pledge I made in that the voice of small business would be heard in my Administration. In anticipation of the Conference, I called on the head of every executive Department and agency to propose at least one initiative of benefit to small business. Over separate initiatives have been proposed and are under examination, and many of them have already been put in effect. We have made great strides in reforming our regulatory process, cutting down Federal paperwork and developing flexible regulations which provide for minimizing or eliminating burdens on smaller businesses. The capital gains tax has been significantly reduced, and rporate taxes on small businesses have been lowered. We have also increased Small Business Administration lending activity, from . billion in to . billion in , an increase of %. Since we have more than doubled Federal purchases of goods and services from minority firms from . billion to . billion in . I am nfident that such purchases will exceed . billion this year. I have put into place a mprehensive policy to strengthen the role of women in business, and have directed Federal agencies to take affirmative action to include women in management assistance and other business-related programs. SBA's advocacy role has been strengthened at my direction, and SBA has been added to the membership of the Regulatory Council and the Productivity Council, to help assure that the problems and issues facing small business are addressed wherever relevant policy decisions are made with the Federal government. To reduce the paperwork and regulatory burdens small businesses face in raising capital, I have recently proposed a Small Business Issuers' Simplification Act. This legislation will exempt from the burdensome registration requirements of the Federal securities laws sales of securities by small businesses to institutional investors, such as banks, insurance mpanies and pension funds, and others making investments of at least ,. Finally, last week I sent to the Congress a Message on Small Business to emphasize the vital importance of small business and to report to you on the steps we have already taken and plan to take in to strengthen small business. MINORITY BUSINESS "From the beginning of my term, I have worked with the Congress to increase opportunities for minority business. As a result of our efforts, enormous progress has been made in the last three years:   • Federal procurement from minority owned firms has increased by nearly two and a half times;   • Federal deposits in minority-owned banks have nearly doubled;   • minority ownership of radio and television stations has increased by %;   • almost % of the funds spent under the Local Public Works Act of went to minority-owned firms;   • the Section (a) program operated by the Small Business Administration has been reformed and strengthened." This year, my Administration is mmitted to expanding upon the progress made to date. This year, I am mmitted to more than tripling the level of federal procurement from minority-owned firms, and I have no doubt we can meet that goal. My budget improves the targeting of Small Business Administration loans to minority-owned businesses. We will also expand management, technical, and training assistance for minority firms and provide substantial funding increases for minority capital development under the SBA's minority enterprise small business investment mpany MESBIC) program. I will also be proposing to the Congress a minority business legislative initiative to establish in the Department of Commerce a Minority Business Development Agency. That Agency, a successor to the Office of Minority Business Enterprise, was established last year under administrative authority, but I believe Congressional authorization would strengthen its operating abilities. WOMEN IN BUSINESS Last year I announced a new policy to strengthen and foster the growth of women-owned businesses. My new budget includes funds to make this policy a reality by increasing SBA direct loans to women by by assisting women in gaining access to sources of financing, and by expanding management and technical assistance to women. By insuring that women bare fuller access to opportunities to start and maintain their own enterprises, we will start a genuine momentum to take full advantage of the ntribution which women can make to the growth and productivity of our enomy. II. CREATING ENERGY SECURITY Since I took office, my highest legislative priorities have involved the development of our Nation's first mprehensive energy policy. The struggle to achieve that policy has been difficult for all of us, but the acmplishments of the past three years leave no doubt that our untry is finally serious about the problems caused by our over-dependence on foreign oil. The acmplishments can be lost, however, and the progress stopped, if we fail to move forward even further this year. There is no single panacea that will solve our energy crisis. We must rely on and enurage multiple forms of production-al, crude oil, natural gas, solar, nuclear, synthetics—and nservation. It is therefore essential that Congress enact the major energy bills I proposed last year; and their enactment will be my most immediate and highest legislative priority this year. WINDFALL PROFITS TAX My highest, most immediate legislative priority during this Session is prompt passage of a sound windfall profits tax on crude oil. Last April, I proposed a tough windfall profits tax to reup a portion of the unearned inme that would accrue to the oil mpanies as a result of the phased dentrol of domestic crude oil prices and OPEC price increases. It is essential that these revenues be invested on behalf of all Americans to help us beme an energy secure nation. The revenues from the tax will be used to support key national energy goals: low-inme energy assistance, improved and expanded mass transit and energy supply and nservation programs. The windfall tax that I proposed was also carefully designed to provide incentives needed to increase domestic oil production. Under my proposal, we expect a barrel per day increase in domestic production due to dentrol and higher world prices. Without any windfall profits tax production would be only marginally higher by . The American people clearly want and our national energy needs clearly require—a tough windfall tax. We cannot afford further delay. The House-Senate Conference Committee has reached agreement on a tax raising billion over the next ten years. A tax at that level is acceptable, provided the mponents of the tax are nsistent with sound energy policy. I urge the nferees and the Congress to approve forthwith a tax that I can sign. There can be no higher legislative priority. ENERGY MOBILIZATION BOARD Last July, together with a mprehensive energy program, I asked Congress to join with me to create an Energy Mobilization Board EMB). The Board can cut through burdensome and unnecessary red tape and reach prompt decisions on designated priority energy projects. Decision-making can be streamlined without overriding of substantive law, which I strongly oppose. The Board is a key element of our strategy to attain energy security by cutting foreign oil imports in the ming years. Prompt passage of the EMB is one of my highest priorities this year, and I urge the Congress to mplete its action on this proposal without delay. ENERGY SECURITY CORPORATION Last year, I proposed the creation of an Energy Security Corporation to lead our national effort to develop and produce synthetic fuels, al-based synthetics, oil shale and biomass. The Corporation would be an independent body, chartered by the government and authorized to use a variety of financing tools-principally price guarantees, Federal purchases, and loan guarantees—to stimulate private sector development of synthetic energy alternatives to imported oil. I have remmended that the Corporation be given a goal to develop the capacity to produce . million barrels per day of synthetic fuels, oil shale, and biomass by . With an ability to produce mmercially synthetic alternatives to foreign crude oil, our Nation will have effectively capped the price which foreign oil producers can charge for crude oil. We cannot do the job we must do for our Nation's security by operating this program from within the government. The Corporation can much more easily obtain the needed talent and operate without the nstraints binding a government agency. Enactment of the legislation ntaining the Energy Security Corporation is one of my highest legislative priorities for this Session. I urge the nferees to mplete this work expeditiously so that the Corporation can open its doors as early as possible this year. REDUCTION IN UTILITY OIL USE I will soon send to the Congress legislation which will assist utilities in the use of al, and enurage them to retire existing oil burning plants for generating electricity.-The Department of Energy and my staff have worked very closely with Congressional energy leadership over the last several months to develop a legislative proposal which can be acted upon quickly. My proposed utility oil use reduction legislation will help us to achieve two of our basic energy goals—decreasing our dependence on foreign oil and increasing our production of more abundant and secure energy supplies, such as al. For that reason, passage of this legislation will be one of my highest energy priorities this year. GASOLINE RATIONING I will soon be sending to Congress for its approval a standby gasoline rationing plan, under the authority of legislation I signed into law last year. In developing this plan, we have given priority attention to acmmodating essential gasoline usage, bearing in mind the need to design a plan which is workable and which can be put into place quickly if a severe emergency arises. I regnize the difficulty of developing a plan that meets the many mpeting State and local ncerns. Last year's experience demonstrated that difficulty very well. I am determined, as I am certain Congress is, to avoid repeating it. My Administration will work very closely with Congress on the standby plan. I hope the Congress will regnize the overriding national importance of emergency preparedness and will take action early to approve my proposed plan. I do not intend, under our current supply nditions, to implement a rationing program. But we can no longer afford to be unprepared for the possibility of further severe interruptions in energy supplies. ENERGY CONSERVATION In my very first energy address to the Nation in April , I stressed the importance of nservation as the rnerstone of our national energy policy. It is the cheapest and fastest means of reducing our dependence on imported oil and it nstitutes an alternative source of supply. To the extent that we nserve-in our homes, factories, cars, and public buildings—we make the task of providing secure sources of energy for the future that much more attainable. In November , I signed into law our untry's first energy nservation tax credits. These provide up to for home nservation investments, and an additional percent investment tax credit for industrial investments in energy efficient equipment. At the same time, we put in place a requirement that utilities provide energy audits for their customers and offer to arrange financing. We also established stiff taxes on new gas guzzling automobiles. As a result of my April initiatives, we are also providing a total of million over three years to weatherize schools and hospitals across the Nation. Last July, I proposed a program to provide . billion over the next decade to subsidize interest rates on homeowner loans for nservation investments. This program will be targeted to low- and moderate-inme homeowners and apartment owners for whom the tax credits are less effective as an incentive. Under this program it is expected that nsumers' total monthly bills will decline since the financial savings resulting from lower energy use will be greater than the monthly payments on the subsidized loans. I nsider this new program to be an essential piece of my overall nservation strategy and urge the House-Senate Conference Committee now working on the bill ntaining this provision to mplete work promptly. Energy nservation must also go forward at the State and local levels. To help that important effort, I am again urging Congress to pass my proposal, under the authority of the proposed Energy Management and Partnership Act, to provide grants to local governments to meet national energy nservation goals. SOLAR ENERGY Last June, I sent the Congress a Message on Solar Energy outlining my Administration's solar program and setting a national goal for the year of deriving % of this Nation's energy from solar and renewable resources. A firm and ambitious urse—not only by the Federal government but also by State and local governments, private industry, academia and private citizens—is required to reach this goal. As part of my solar program announced in June, I proposed a number of initiatives to the Congress to assist in solar energy development. Among those were the establishment of a Solar Energy Development Bank funded at million per year to provide subsidized loans for the installation of solar equipment on homes and mmercial structures, and additional tax credits for passive solar nstruction, wood stoves, industrial and agricultural solar applications, and gasohol. These initiatives have yet to be enacted by the Congress and I urge prompt action on these measures to help speed the penetration of solar technologies in the marketplace. In addition, my FY program for solar energy exceeded billion government-wide. This is more than three times greater than the program in place when I took office. In FY government-wide expenditures for solar and renewable energy will be nearly . billion and will include programs administered by the Departments of Energy, Agriculture, Interior, Defense, State, Housing and Urban Development, and the Tennessee Valley Authority. The Federal solar program has as its overall objectives, the emphasis on basic research and development of solar technologies not currently enomic such as photovoltaics, where electricity is generated directly from the sun, and the provision of funding and technical information to accelerate the use of marketable solar technologies which are available now. Solar heat and hot water and wood energy are among these technologies. We will ntinue to work with the Congress this session on passage of critical solar energy legislation. We are making progress on the transition away from our dependence on fossil fuels and towards the widespread use of renewable sources of energy. We must maintain an aggressive policy to achieve this transition. NUCLEAR SAFETY Immediately following the accident at Three Mile Island, I established a Presidential Commission, chaired by the President of Dartmouth College, to report to me on actions needed to prevent recurrence of this kind of accident. Safety is and will remain my Administration's primary priority in the regulation and management of nuclear power. I have taken steps to rrect virtually all problems identified by the Kemeny Commission and have acted to implement most of its specific remmendations, including: • A reorganization of the NRC to strengthen the role of the Chairman. I will soon send to Congress a reorganization plan to give the Chairman power to select key personnel and act on behalf of the Commission during an emergency. • Appointment of a new Chairman of the NRC from outside the agency when the next vacancy occurs. In the meantime, I have designated Commissioner Ahearne as Chairman with a mandate to initiate changes needed to assure the safety of nuclear power plant operations. • Direction to the Federal Emergency Management Agency to lead all off-site emergency activities and review all emergency plans in States with operating reactors by June. • A request to the NRC to accelerate its program to place a resident Federal inspector at every reactor site, and to upgrade training and evaluation programs for reactor operators. I endorsed the approach the NRC adopted to pause in licensing, but have urged the Commission to mplete its work as quickly as possible, and in any event no later than June of this year. Once we have instituted the necessary reforms to assure safety, we must resume the licensing process promptly so that the new plants which we need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil can be built and operated. Nuclear power is an option that we should keep open. GASOHOL I have recently proposed a program to accelerate dramatically America's production and use of gasohol, as yet another important way on which we can wage—and win—our energy war. My Administration is mmitted to a program which will provide between . billion and . billion of assistance to stimulate production of alhol fuels over the ming decade. We will quadruple current gasohol production capacity by the end of this year. During , we should be capable of producing ethanol at an annual rate of million gallons-more than six times the current rate. If this entire amount of ethanol were turned into gasohol, it would replace almost % of our anticipated demand for unleaded gasoline in . Our overall gasohol program will spur the investments that we together must make for a more secure energy future. We will create new markets for our farmers. We will no longer have to throw away waste materials which can be turned into profitable, essential fuels. Our Nation's enormous agricultural and fiber resources can be used to help provide a secure source of energy for our future. By producing gasohol from fiber and agricultural by-products, we can meet fuel needs for millions of Americans, including our farmers. I am eager to work with the Congress on my alhol fuels program, so that we can soon have legislation that will authorize and provide the funding for this important energy development. ENERGY IMPACT ASSISTANCE As new domestic energy resources are developed, particularly in rural or isolated areas of the untry, we must provide for the needs of rapidly developing mmunities. My Administration will ntinue to work with the Congress to enact legislation establishing an Inland Energy Assistance program, with funding of million per year, to aid those States and local areas which are experiencing a rapid growth in population as a result of new energy supply development. These mmunities often cannot plan for or meet increased need for new public facilities or services, since the population increases occur before the new energy supply activities are fully developed and producing local revenues. This legislation is essential to ensure that the burdens associated with solving our energy problems are borne equitably by all citizens and regions of the untry. III. ENHANCING BASIC HUMAN AND SOCIAL NEEDS For too many years immediately preceding my Administration, too many of our Nation's basic human and social needs were being ignored or dealt with insensitively by the Federal government. Over the past three years, we have significantly increased funding for many of the vital programs in these areas; developed new programs where needs were unaddressed; targeted Federal support to those individuals and areas most in need of our assistance; and removed barriers that have unnecessarily kept many disadvantaged citizens from obtaining aid for their most basic needs. Our efforts over the past three years have produced clear progress in our effort to solve some of the untry's fundamental human and social problems. The Administration and the Congress, working together, have demonstrated that government must and can meet our citizens' basic human and social needs in a responsible and mpassionate way. But there is an unfinished agenda still before the Congress. If we are to meet our obligations to help all Americans realize the dreams of sound health care, decent housing, effective social services, a good education, and a meaningful job, we still have important legislation to enact this year. The legislation is before the Congress, and I will be working with you toward its enactment. Health NATIONAL HEALTH PLAN "Last June, I proposed to Congress a National Health Plan which will enable the untry to reach the goal of mprehensive, universal health care verage. The legislation I submitted lays the foundation for this mprehensive plan and addresses the most serious problems of health financing and delivery. It is realistic, affordable, and enactable. It does not overpromise or overspend, and, as a result, can be the solution to the thirty years of Congressional battles on national health insurance. My Plan includes the following key features:   • nearly million additional poor would receive fully-subsidized mprehensive verage;   • pre-natal and delivery services are provided for all pregnant women and verage is provided for all acute care for infants in their first year of life;   • the elderly and disabled would have a limit of , placed on annual out-of-pocket medical expenses and would no longer face limits on hospital verage;   • all full-time employees and their families would receive insurance against at least major medical expenses under mandated employer verage;   • Medicare and Medicaid would be mbined and expanded into an umbrella Federal program, Healthcare, for increased program efficiency, acuntability and uniformity; and   • strong st ntrols and health system reforms would be implemented initiatives, including greater incentives for Health Maintenance Organizations." If enacted this year, my Plan would begin providing benefits in . I urge the Congress to mpare my Plan with the alternatives—programs which either do too little to improve the health care needs of Americans most in need or programs which would impose enormous financial burdens on the American taxpayers. When that mparison is mpleted, I am nvinced the Congress will see the need for and the benefits of my Plan and work toward prompt enactment. We cannot afford further delay in this vital area. HOSPITAL COST CONTAINMENT Hospital Cost Containment remains the single most important piece of legislation that the Congress can pass to demonstrate its mmitment to fight inflation. This legislative initiative will save billions of dollars for our Nation's nsumers by eliminating unnecessary and wasteful hospital services. We can no longer allow hospital inflation to put needed health care out of the reach of the average American. In a sector where there is an absence of mpetitive forces, Hospital Cost Containment legislation is necessary to restrain spending, while the process of developing other effective measures proceeds. The longer we delay enacting Cost Containment, the more expensive our fight against hospital inflation will beme. I am asking the Senate to move quickly on this legislation. HEALTH PROMOTION AND DISEASE PREVENTION Last July, the Surgeon General released Healthy People, a landmark report on health promotion and disease prevention. The report signals the growing nsensus that the Nation's health strategy must be refocused in the 's to emphasize the prevention of disease. Specifically, the report lays out measurable and achievable goals in the reduction of mortality which can be reached by . Consistent with this report, the health strategy I will propose in my FY budget places unprecedented emphasis on prevention. This strategy includes increased funding for many new and ntinuing programs in the areas of environmental hazards, workplace health and safety, mmercial product safety, traffic safety, mmunity water fluoridation, and health education, promotion and information. MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH Ensuring a healthy start in life for children remains not only a high priority of my Administration, but also one of the most st effective forms of health care. When I took office, immunization levels for preventable childhood diseases had fallen to %. As a result of a ncerted nationwide effort during my Administration, I am pleased to report that now at least % of children under , and virtually all school-age children are immunized. In addition, reported cases of measles and mumps are at their lowest levels ever. Under the National Health Plan I have proposed, there will be no st-sharing for prenatal and delivery services for all pregnant women and for acute care provided to infants in their first year of life. These preventive services are regnized to have extremely high returns in terms of improved newborn and long-term child health. Under the Child Health Assurance Program CHAP) legislation which I have already submitted to this Congress, an additional two million low-inme children under will beme eligible for Medicaid benefits, which will include special health assessments. CHAP will also improve the ntinuity of care for the nearly million children now eligible for Medicaid. An additional , low-inme pregnant women will beme eligible for prenatal care under the proposal. We must work together this year to enact CHAP and thereby provide millions of needy children with essential health services. For the third nsecutive year, I am requesting expansion of the special supplemental food program for women, infants, and children. Under my proposal, over million low-inme nutritionally needy mothers, their nursing infants, and children will receive special food supplements each month. These food supplements have been shown to prevent ill health thereby reducing later medical sts. In addition to these legislative initiatives, I will propose increased funding in the FY budget for the successful Family Planning program, which targets services on low-inme women and adolescents at high risk for unwanted pregnancy. Further, the budget ntains ntinued funding for my Adolescent Health initiative, which is designed to provide and ordinate services to pregnant teenagers as well as reduce the incidence of unwanted pregnancies. EXPANSION OF SERVICES TO THE POOR AND UNDERSERVED My health proposals for FY will place high priority on expanding other improvements which have been made during my Administration in the access and ntinuity of care for medically underserved groups. I will propose substantially increased funding for the most successful programs in this area, including Community and Migrant Health Centers, and the National Health Service Corps program, which places health professionals in rural and urban medically underserved areas. In addition, I am proposing legislation to make verage of clinics providing mprehensive primary care services a mandatory benefit under Medicaid. MENTAL HEALTH Last year, I submitted a Mental Health Message to Congress and proposed the Mental Health Systems Act, which is based upon remmendations of my Commission on Mental Health. The Act is designed to inaugurate a new era of Federal and State partnership in the planning and provision of mental health services. In addition, the Act specifically provides for prevention and support services to the chronically mentally ill, to prevent unnecessary institutionalization, prevention services, and for the development of mmunity-based mental health services. This year, my Administration will be working intensively with the Congress for prompt enactment of this important legislation, and the First Lady will ntinue her substantial work in this area, as an effective spokesperson and advocate for mental health reform throughout the untry. WORKER HEALTH AND SAFETY My Administration will ntinue to enforce fully laws protecting worker health and safety in a sensible and efficient manner. We will be making further efforts to eliminate frivolous and unneeded rules, while ncentrating greater enforcement efforts on the most dangerous and particularly the most unhealthy occupational environments. More effective management of our worker safety programs will serve the interest that both labor and management have in better working nditions. DRUG ABUSE PREVENTION At the beginning of my Administration there were over a half million heroin addicts in the United States. Our ntinued emphasis on reducing the supply of heroin, as well as providing treatment and rehabilitation to its victims, has reduced the heroin addict population to ,, reduced the number of heroin overdose deaths by and reduced the number of heroin related injuries by %. However, drug abuse in many forms ntinues to detract from the quality of life and is of great ncern to us and the people of all nations. I am particularly ncerned over the increasing quantities of heroin originating in Iran and Southwest Asia and we will ntinue to be especially alert to this threat in . During , we will also strive to reduce the supply of illegal drugs, both at their overseas sources and within the United States. While ntinuing a mprehensive treatment program, our priority will be to reduce drug abuse among adolescents. One of the important goals of my Administration at the beginning of this decade is to change the social acceptance of drug use. FOOD AND NUTRITION Building on the mprehensive reform of the Food Stamp Program that I proposed and Congress passed in , my Administration and the Congress worked together last year to enact several other important changes in the Program. These changes will further simplify administration and reduce fraud and error, will make the program more responsive to the needs of the elderly and disabled, and will increase the cap on allowable program expenditures. In this session, I will ntinue to work with the Congress to achieve additional improvements in the Food Stamp Program and to eliminate permanently the expenditure cap. I will also propose this year that Congress pass the Administration's Child Nutrition Amendments to target assistance under our school meal programs to those most in need. Education The stern challenges of the 's place new demands on every sector of our society. Education is the insurance we have to provide the talent and capability to meet every demand on our National agenda. The challenge of the 's in education is to see that quantity education bemes quality education. That is a challenge we can meet. Last year, my Administration and the Congress successfully llaborated to create a new Department of Education. The Department will give education a stronger voice at the Federal level, while at the same time reserving the actual ntrol and operation of education to states, localities, and private institutions. The Department mbines nearly existing Federal education programs into a hesive, streamlined organization that will be more responsive to the needs of educators and students. The Department will cut red tape and paperwork to make the flow of Federal dollars to school districts and institutions of higher education more efficient, thereby providing students and educators with more benefits per dollar of Federal funds. We are determined to work closely with the Congress this year in making certain that the Department begins on a sound basis, nsistent with the purposes and hopes Congress had when creating it. To ensure adequate financial resources for education, I have requested, since taking office, an overall increase in Federal aid to education of % above the previous Administration's last budget. Many programs, including those serving disadvantaged and handicapped students and those providing financial aid to students enrolled in postsendary education, have benefited from ever larger percentage increases during my Administration. My FY budget request in education will represent a generous increase over last year's budget. There will be particularly significant increases in a number of programs serving special populations, in addition to the major new program designed to give youth the basic skills needed to get and keep a job. I am also remmending a substantial increase in the programs which deal with international education, to improve our understanding of other nations. In addition, proposals I submitted last July to reauthorize the Higher Education Act are still under nsideration in the Congress. The centerpiece of my proposals for the student financial aid programs is a major reform of the student loan programs. My proposal would, for the first time, provide a mprehensive program of loans from the Federal government for higher education students who need them. Our proposals would eliminate much of the paperwork and nfusion that have plagued students, parents, and lleges by mandating a single application form for all Federal need-based assistance. It is essential that this reauthorization be enacted this year. But the reauthorization legislation must be nsistent with my mmitment to a restrained, responsible budget. We are eager to work with the Congress to achieve this goal as soon as possible. Inme Security WELFARE REFORM Last year, I proposed a welfare reform package which offers solutions to some of the most urgent problems in our welfare system. This proposal is embodied in two bills—The Work and Training Opportunities Act and The Social Welfare Reform Amendments Act. Within the framework of our present welfare system, my reform proposals offer achievable means to increase self-sufficiency through work rather than welfare, more adequate assistance to people unable to work, the removal of inequities in verage under current programs, and fiscal relief needed by States and localities. Our current welfare system is long overdue for serious reform; the system is wasteful and not fully effective. The legislation I have proposed will help eliminate inequities by establishing a national minimum benefit, and by directly relating benefit levels to the poverty threshold. It will reduce program mplexity, which leads to inefficiency and waste, by simplifying and ordinating administration among different programs. Last year the House passed The Social Welfare Reform Amendments Act, which addresses the major problems in our cash assistance programs. This year, we must ntinue this momentum toward welfare reform. I am determined to do whatever I can to help enact the two bills needed for the most mprehensive reform of the welfare system in our history. CHILD WELFARE My Administration has worked closely with the Congress on legislation which is designed to improve greatly the child welfare services and foster care programs and to create a Federal system of adoption assistance. The work of the Congress on this legislation is now almost mpleted. The well-being of children in need of homes and their permanent placement are primary ncerns of my Administration, and I am determined to see improvement in the system which cares for these children. This legislation will help ensure that. LOW-INCOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE Last year, I proposed a program to provide a total of . billion per year to low-inme households which are hardest hit by rising energy bills. With Congress' operation, we were able to move quickly to provide . billion for assistance needed this winter. Of that amount . billion was provided for grants to eligible households and million for an energy crisis assistance program. The first checks were received by eligible families and individuals in early January. I have already proposed, and will ntinue to press for, legislation which provides . billion a year for low-inme energy assistance. Funding from this program will me from the Windfall Profits Tax. Continuing this assistance is one of my high priorities in this session of Congress. SOCIAL SECURITY I have been deeply mmitted to restoring the public's nfidence and trust in the Social Security System. With the passage of the Social Security Amendments of , the financial stability of the System was improved. Each month million Americans receive pension and disability checks. They can rely on doing so without fear of interruption. We must, however, address the ntinuing financial viability of the Social Security System in light of changing enomic circumstances. We must also review the equity of the sex-related distinctions ntained in the system's benefit provisions. To help ensure the system's viability, I will propose legislation to permit borrowing among the separate trust funds. This measure will strengthen the Social Security System for current and future beneficiaries. I will also review closely the work of several major study groups, and will nsult with experts in the Department of Health and Human Services and the Congress to assess their remmendations. DISABILITY INSURANCE REFORMS As a result of the legislation we enacted in , which strengthened the financing of the Social Security System, the Social Security disability insurance program is now in stable financial ndition. Last year, my Administration proposed modifications in the program to further improve its administration and to increase incentives for disabled beneficiaries to seek rehabilitation and to return to work. In , we will work with the Congress to enact these reforms. I hope the Congress will stay as close as possible to my original proposal. Housing My Administration has brought improved stability to the Nation's housing market. Housing starts from through averaged more than . million units per year. We have been and remain mmitted to assuring the availability of an adequate level of mortgage credit during a period of rerd high interest rates. Toward that goal, we developed the six month money market certificate and broadened the sendary market activity of the Government National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Most recently, the bank regulators introduced two and one half year certificates which should beme valuable sources of funds for savings institutions, enabling them to ntinue a high level of mortgage lending. I am pleased that our anti-inflation policies have begun to slow the rate of growth in home prices. Within the ntext of our overall enomic strategy, we will ntinue to support measures which provide for improved stability in the housing industry, avoiding the boom and bust cycles that led to unemployment, business failures and dislocation in the past. I have sent to the Congress legislation to update the government's emergency authority, under the Brooke-Cranston program to purchase mortgages in times of enomic stress. The current authority uld not be used effectively. I urge quick Congressional action on this legislation, so that the Administration will be in a position to use this program, if necessary. We have also brought improved stability and predictability and higher production to the provision of assisted housing for low- and moderate-inme Americans, including the elderly and the handicapped. During the period from through , my Administration will have mmitted nearly . million units of housing for lower inme renters and homeowners. Actual nstruction starts reached , units in , a level which we will sustain through the next several years. I will be proposing in my FY budget a level of , assisted rental units and , assisted homeownership units, a total % increase over levels. This remmendation reflects my Administration's ncern about the number of poor Americans still living in substandard housing. I will also propose this year to extend HUD's home ownership assistance and interest subsidies to low inme tenants in designated revitalization areas. That will help address the particular problem of displacement of low inme persons and the elderly by urban revitalization and ndominium nversions. My Administration will again be working with the Congress to pass the ndominium reform legislation that I proposed last year. That legislation will provide basic protections for the purchasers of ndominium units. Many unit owners lack adequate remedies to redress serious inequities under existing law, and expeditious Federal action in this area is a priority. In we will also propose a number of significant new legislative initiatives. I will be proposing a mprehensive simplification and nsolidation of the Nation's basic housing laws on mortgage insurance and mortgage credit activities of the Federal Housing Administration and the Government National Mortgage Association. This proposal will make the services of these agencies more understandable and accessible to the American public. I will also be remmending prompt Congressional action to extend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, which has been an important factor in aiding the availability of mortgage credit in inner city areas. Finally, building on the urban partnership we have established with the cities, we will ntinue to increase the ntrol local governments exercise over the operation of Federal housing programs. We will propose a fundamental change in HUD's public housing modernization program to allow local authorities to use up to % of their public housing production funds for modernization and repair of the existing, deteriorated stock of public housing. And in regnition of the severity of the housing problems in America's rural mmunities, we will be implementing the Action Agenda of Rural Housing Initiatives which I announced last month. NEIGHBORHOOD DEVELOPMENT Neighborhood development is an essential mponent of my policies designed to revitalize our Nation's urban areas. My Administration has taken a number of steps to assist non-governmental, neighborhood groups carry out mmunity improvement plans. In Fiscal Year , I will propose increased funding for the Neighborhood Self-Help Development Program. This program aims to build the capacity of independent, neighborhood organizations to implement nservation and revitalization projects in low- and moderate-inme neighborhoods. In , I will strongly support the renewal of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act in order to enurage neighborhood reinvestment. My Administration will also ntinue to support fully the neighborhood reinvestment actions of independent regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Home Loan Bank Board's Community Investment Fund. Transportation A major goal during the 's is to bring about a dramatic increase in the enomic and energy efficiency of our transportation systems. While this Nation's transportation facilities are among the best in the world, they were planned, designed and nstructed in an era of abundant and cheap energy. The untry now faces a totally different situation of scarce and increasingly expensive energy. To help mbat this problem, I have proposed to use . billion over the next decade from the windfall profits tax revenues to increase the energy efficiency of transportation. Of that, billion would be allocated to increase transit capacity; . billion would be directed to promote the energy-efficient use of the automobile; and billion for research on automotive fuel efficiency. I urge the Congress to enact this proposal without delay. To further promote energy nservation, stimulate urban growth and create new employment opportunities in the inner cities, I urge the Congress to support mass transportation authorization legislation. This year I will seek reauthorization and extension of the public transportation grant program. With the assistance of the Congress, we have taken a number of positive steps to reform outmoded transportation regulation. The Airline Deregulation Act of is working well, with reduced passenger fares per mile, and with the airlines better able to withstand the effects of recession and fuel price increases than would have otherwise been possible. To ntinue that type of progress, last year I submitted truck and rail regulatory reform bills and I am mmitted to seeking their enactment in . These important bills will save nsumers billions of dollars annually and reduce wasted fuel nsumption. To further improve America's railroads, I have introduced legislation to direct Federal railroad financial assistance toward restructuring of failing railroads and improved employment efficiency. I will also ask Congress to increase funding for and extend the life of the Northeast Corridor Improvement Project to improve passenger rail services in the Northeast. Statutory authority for present airport programs and related aviation taxes will expire during . I have already sent to the Congress a proposal to use nearly billion from the Airport and Airways Trust Fund over the next five years for airport and aviation expenses. I urge Congress to enact this proposal this year. Finally, I am mmitted to the further development of our maritime industry. To achieve maximum export mpetitive position for the United States, the ties between our port facilities and our land transport facilities must be greatly improved. Last year, my Administration nducted a mprehensive review of maritime policy and transmitted to the Congress our goals for liner regulation and merchant marine promotion. This year, we will be working with the Congress to pass legislation that embodies our interest in expanded trade and a strong merchant marine fleet. Special Needs WOMEN The efforts of my Administration over the last several years have been ncentrated on providing American women with a full range of opportunities. Programmatic initiatives have been developed to overme the widespread discrimination and disparities which women have faced in education, in health, and in employment. The Women's Education Equity Act has been funded in both Titles I and II to provide school boards with grants for programs designed to end discrimination in education. The avoidance of discrimination in education has been also stressed through improvements in the enforcement of existing civil rights legislation. The particular health problems faced have been addressed with increases in the family planning funds under Title XX, as well as improved teenage pregnancy funding and programs. Further, my National Health Plan provides mplete verage to pregnant mothers and infants without st. Employment still ntinues to be a major problem with a wide gap between the average week wage of men and women. This is being addressed through major improvements in the funding for the Women's Bureau of the Department of Labor for model training programs and research projects. CETA prime sponsors have been matched on a four-to-one basis to improve the amount of funding for these programs. In the year ahead, the Administration will be supporting the passage of legislation to decrease domestic violence and provide shelters for battered spouses. FAMILIES As part of my Administration's effort to focus attention upon and strengthen the family structure, last year I established the Office of Families within the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. That office will help ordinate our activities in this vital area. Later this year, we will hold the White House Conference on Families, which I initially proposed during my campaign. This nference, the culmination of three years of work, will help focus public attention on the problems affecting families and on the means needed to solve or avoid those problems. OLDER AMERICANS My Administration has taken great strides toward solving the particular problems faced by senior citizens. Early in this term we worked successfully with the Congress to assure adequate revenues for the Social Security Trust Funds. I have also signed into law legislation prohibiting employers from requiring retirement prior to age , and removing mandatory retirement for most Federal employees. Further, the Administration worked closely with Congress to amend the Older Americans Act in a way that has already improved administration of its housing, social services, food delivery, and employment programs. This year, I will be submitting to Congress a budget which again demonstrates my mmitment to programs for the elderly. It will include increased funding for nutrition, senior centers and home health care, and will focus added resources on the needs of older Americans. I will also be seeking to strengthen further the Social Security System by proposing legislation to permit borrowing among the separate trust funds. With the White House Conference on Aging approaching, my Administration is making every effort to assure an effective and useful nference. This forum should enable older Americans to voice their ncerns and give us guidance in our ntinued efforts to ensure the quality of life so richly deserved by our senior citizens, with special attention to those in need of long-term care. REFUGEES In my Administration made significant progress in resolving a number of problems arising from the increase in refugees. Last March, I proposed mprehensive refugee legislation, and I regard its passage as a high priority this year. The legislation—which is the first mprehensive reform of our refugee immigration and domestic resettlement policies in twenty-eight years—will bring mmon sense and hesion to an unnecessarily fragmented approach to international and domestic refugee needs. Under vigorous new leadership, the Office of the U.S. Coordinator for Refugee Affairs, which I created last year, will aggressively address the need of refugees at home and abroad. We will also enurage greater operation with the private sector and other actions to ensure successful refugee resettlement. VETERANS As our mmitment to peace and our national security remains as strong as ever, so too is our Nation's obligation to those whose past service to our untry helped to keep peace in the world. For that reason, my Administration's mmitment to the needs of America's veterans will remain a high priority. My Administration is mmitted to sustain high quality health care in the V.A. hospital system, the largest in the free world, and to enurage its growth in the most effective and efficient manner. That mmitment will be reflected in my budget for FY . The system must maintain its independent integrity. In , we will ntinue to honor and seek regnition of all our Nation's veterans, but we must acknowledge that veterans of the Vietnam War have yet to be acrded the full honor bestowed upon veterans of past wars. We will ntinue this year to assist Vietnam-era veterans with special needs and ncerns, building on my initiative last year for these veterans. Acrdingly, this year, I will again ask Congress to reform and revitalize the VA's vocational rehabilitation program, and to extend eligibility for the G.I. Bill to those veterans of the Vietnam War era who are most in need of advanced job training opportunities. In addition, I will seek increased benefits for the recipients participating in the current G.I. Bill program. The Nation's veterans deserve these benefits, and I am mmitted to serving them. My Budget also proposes legislation to grant a st-of-living increase for the recipients of mpensation for disabilities incurred while in the service of their untry. Government Assistance GENERAL AID TO STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS Since taking office, I have been strongly mmitted to strengthening the fiscal ndition of our Nation's State and local governments. I have acmplished this goal by maintaining nsistent and strong enomic growth, and by enuraging enomic development of local mmunities, and by supporting the General Revenue Sharing and Counter-Cyclical Fiscal Assistance programs. GENERAL REVENUE SHARING This year I will propose the renewal of General Revenue Sharing. My Administration's proposal will forge a closer partnership among the Federal, State and local governments and will further emphasize the pivotal role of the States in our Federal system. My proposal for GRS renewal also will provide additional aid to the cities and unties that are most strained fiscally. I will soon send legislation to Congress that will extend GRS for five years at the current funding level of . billion. One third of the money will be provided to State governments on the basis of the current distribution formula. As a ndition for ntinued payments to the States, each State will be required to nstitute a broadly-based Commission to assess and address the fiscal problems nfronted by the State and by the local governments within the State. These Commissions will provide a mechanism for involving the States to a greater extent in the Federal-State-local government partnership. Two-thirds of GRS payments will be provided to local governments on the basis of population, tax effort and per capita inme. While I will propose retention of the basic distribution formula for local governments, I also will propose a number of modest formula changes to provide greater aid to localities with large service responsibilities and with insufficient fiscal resources. My proposal for GRS renewal will be the rnerstone of my policy for Federal-State-local government relations in the 's. This policy will emphasize the need for all levels of government to operate in order to meet the needs of the most fiscally strained cities and unties, and also will emphasize the important role that GRS can play in forging this partnership. I urge Congress to move quickly on my GRS proposal, to assure that our Nation's States and localities can begin the 's in sound fiscal ndition. COUNTER-CYCLICAL AND TARGETED FISCAL ASSISTANCE Last year, I submitted to Congress a two-part fiscal aid package designed to strengthen further the fiscal ndition of our Nation's States and localities. The first part of this legislation provided standby unter-cyclical legislation to protect States and localities from unexpected changes in the national enomy. The send part provided transitional highly targeted fiscal assistance in FY to only the most distressed local governments. Substantial progress has been made on this legislation in the past year. The Senate passed legislation providing both targeted fiscal assistance and unter-cyclical aid in August, , and similar legislation is now ready for House action. It is important that Congress mplete its action on this legislation early this year. Urban Policy Two years ago, I proposed the Nation's first mprehensive urban policy. That policy involved more than one hundred improvements in existing Federal programs, four new Executive Orders and nineteen pieces of urban-oriented legislation. With Congress' operation, fifteen of these bills have now been signed into law. Additional action is expected to put into place more of these proposals this year. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT One of the principal goals of my domestic policy has been to strengthen the private sector enomic base of our Nation's enomically troubled urban and rural areas. With Congress' operation, we have substantially expanded the Federal government's enomic development programs and provided new tax incentives for private investment in urban and rural mmunities. These programs have helped many mmunities to attract new private sector jobs and investments and to retain the jobs and investments that already are in place. When I took office, the Federal government was spending less than million annually on enomic development programs, and only million of those funds in our Nation's urban areas. My FY budget requested more than . billion for enomic development grants, loans and interest subsidies and more than . billion for loan guarantees. Approximately % of these funds will be spent in our Nation's urban areas. My FY budget ntinues these programs at these already high levels. In addition, we have extended the % investment credit to include rehabilitation of existing industrial facilities as well as new nstruction. This year we need to ntinue our progress by extending and expanding the programs of the Enomic Development Administration. With Congress' operation, this legislation already has passed both the House and the Senate. Both the House and the Senate bills include the key elements of my original National Development Bank proposal and provide a substantial expansion of the enomic development grant, loan, loan guarantee and interest subsidy programs of the Federal government. This legislation is vitally important to the enomic revitalization and redevelopment of our Nation's enomically troubled urban and rural areas. I am hopeful that the nferees will mplete their work shortly so that we can get these essential programs underway. I ntinue to believe that the development of private sector investment and jobs is the key to revitalizing our Nation's enomically depressed urban and rural areas. To ensure that the necessary enomic development goes forward, the Congress must enact legislation reauthorizing the programs of the Enomic Development Administration. That legislation is now in Conference, and I urge the nferees to mplete their work soon, so that we can provide a foundation for the enomic development of our Nation in the 's. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT The partnership among Federal, State and local governments to revitalize our Nation's mmunities has been a high priority of my Administration. When I took office, I proposed a substantial expansion of the Community Development Block Grant CDBG) program and the enactment of a new million Urban Development Action Grant UDAG) program. Both of these programs have provided essential mmunity and enomic development assistance to our Nation's cities and unties. This year, I will ask Congress to reauthorize both the CDBG and UDAG programs. I will propose that the CDBG program be reauthorized for three more years, and that a million increase in funding be provided by FY . I also will propose that the UDAG program be extended for three years, and that million be provided for this program in the upming fiscal year. These actions should help our Nation's cities and unties to ntinue the progress they have made in the last three years. RURAL POLICY Since the beginning of my Administration, we have taken steps to address the pressing needs of a changing and rapidly growing rural America. For many rural areas, and for most rural residents, the last decade was a time of rapid growth and development. While this growth and development has produced higher inme and increased jobs in rural mmunities, it has also created substantial housing, energy, transportation, health, and management problems. "Last December I announced our Small Community and Rural Development Policy, which is the culmination of several years' work and is designed to address these pressing problems now affecting rural areas. The major elements of the policy involve:   —Creation of the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Small Community and Rural Development to provide leadership in carrying out this policy.   —Establishment of an inter-agency working group to assist in the implementation of this policy.   —Appointment of a citizens Advisory Council to advise the President on the performance of the Federal government in the implementation of this policy and to remmend needed changes.   —An invitation to the Nation's government-formed rural development uncils to work in partnership with Federal agencies in delivering State and Federal programs to rural areas.   —A directive to the working group to annually review existing and proposed policies, programs, and budget levels to determine their adequacy in meeting rural needs and fulfilling the policy objectives and principles." This is a landmark policy. It is the first time rural affairs has been given the prominence of a Presidential policy. Although many new program authorities for dealing with rural problems have been provided over the past two or three decades, there has been no institutional capacity at the Federal level for ordinating and focusing these efforts in a herent and effective way. This policy provides that capacity, backed by my personal mmitment to make it work. My Administration will be working with the Congress this year to pass legislation needed to fulfill the mmitment of this rural policy initiative. Consumers CONSUMER REPRESENTATION Last September I signed an Executive Order designed to strengthen and ordinate Federal nsumer programs and to establish procedures to improve and facilitate nsumer participation in government decisionmaking. Under the Order, each Federal agency must adopt and implement its own strong nsumer program. I also established an interagency Council to ordinate the Agencies' actions in responding to the Executive Order. This year, under the leadership of my Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs we will be working to make certain that the Order is faithfully implemented and that nsumers receive better protection and assistance from Federal agencies. My Administration will ntinue to support efforts to provide financial assistance in regulatory proceedings to citizen groups, small businesses and others whose participation is limited by their enomic circumstances. These programs are needed to balance the regulatory process by assuring opportunities for broad public involvement in these proceedings. Finally, the Administration will ntinue to support reform of class-action procedures to ease the unnecessary burdens and sts of class actions, while at the same time preventing their use as an harassment technique. NATIONAL CONSUMER COOPERATIVE BANK My Administration worked closely with the Congress to create the National Consumer Cooperative Bank. The Bank is to provide loans, loan guarantees, and other financial services to non-profit nsumer operatives, operating in such areas as food, housing, health, and auto repair. To demonstrate my mmitment to this innovative institution, I have signed legislation increasing appropriations for the Bank from million in fiscal to million in fiscal . Legislation has also been signed adding two members to the Bank's board of directors—one to represent the interests of small business and one to represent the general public. This year we will ntinue our efforts with Congress to make the Bank a strong and vital resource for nsumers. CONSUMER SERVICES INFORMATION Genuine mpetition is lacking in many service industries because nsumers generally lack mparative st and quality information. To help alleviate this problem, my Administration will assist nonprofit groups and State and local government agencies to develop local nsumer information systems to provide accurate st and quality data on locally provided services. An essential part of this effort will be an evaluation of the impact of better nsumer information on inflation and productivity in the service sector. Science SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY Since the beginning of my Administration, I have been mmitted to strengthening our Nation's research and development capability and to advancing those areas of science and technology which are vital to our enomic and social wellbeing. That mmitment has been reflected in: a % increase in basic research funding, resulting in the highest research and development funding in our Nation's history; a new Automotive Research initiative in which the industry, in partnership with the Federal government, will undertake basic research essential to help improve future automobiles; an acceleration of scientific and technological exchanges with the People's Republic of China; a major review of space activities and needs, resulting in a % increase in space funding and in the development of a space policy that will set the direction of our space efforts over the next decade; and a major new program to enurage industrial innovation. 'Each of the undertakings will be pursued, in operation with the Congress, in this year. SPACE The diversity of our activities in space shows that space technology has beme an integral part of our lives—in mmunications, in remote sensing for defense and civilian purposes, and in studies of the earth and the universe. Guided by a sound, aggressive, and fiscally responsible space policy, my Administration has undertaken a ncerted effort to support and further our space activities. During my Administration, the expenditures for Federal space programs have increased by %. Much of this increase is to meet the increasingly operational nature of our space activities. Nearly half of our expenditures are now for defense purposes; photo-rennaissance satellites, for example, are enormously important in stabilizing world affairs and thereby make a significant ntribution to the security of all nations. And my new initiative to establish an oceanic satellite system will provide invaluable ocean data for both the civil and defense sectors, thereby avoiding unnecessary duplication. I have also emphasized space science and exploration, ntinuing to fund such spectacular programs as the Voyager missions that provided us with the remarkable close-up views of Jupiter and its moons. I am proposing two new measures-the space telespe and the new Gamma Ray Observatory to provide a unique capability to observe distant galaxies and to obtain information about our universe from outside the earth's obscuring atmosphere. In , I will ntinue my strong support for the space program. That will be reflected in my budget and in my ntinued mmitment to the space shuttle. Arts Humanities ARTS The arts provide fundamental enrichment for our Nation. The National Endowment for the Arts has played a major role in focusing public attention on the arts. In doing so, the Endowment has brought wider audiences from all parts of the untry into ntact with all of the arts. Since the beginning of my term, I have increased the government's support for the Endowment's activities. I will ntinue that rerd of expanded support again this year. This will enable the Endowment to strengthen its efforts to open the arts to new audiences, new forums, and new parts of the untry. HUMANITIES The humanities play a vital role in deepening our understanding of culture and society. To enable the National Endowment for the Humanities to ntinue its important efforts, I will again be proposing increased funding for the Endowment. "While maintaining the on-going programs aiding scholarly research, education, and cultural interpretation, the Endowment will use these increased funds to augment its support for:   • research designed to increase our understanding of the traditions, cultures, and directions of untries in the Third World;   • studies exploring the mplex public and ethical issues created by an increasingly technological society; and   • efforts to preserve the priceless documents and other materials that nstitute the heritage of this Nation and of its regional and ethnic mmunities." To bring the fruits of this work to increasing numbers of the public at large, support will be provided for humanities activities in libraries, museums, and media, as well as for a variety of special activities tailored to the needs of groups that have traditionally not had ready access to opportunities for learning in the humanities. In pursuing these objectives, the Endowment will ncentrate on using Federal funds to stimulate support from non-Federal sources, in order to enhance our tradition of private philanthropy and to expand the financial base of our cultural institutions. District of Columbia No longer is our Nation's Capital a nvenient target for misdirected political attacks. My Administration has developed a partnership for progress with the District of Columbia. My Administration worked with the last Congress to pass a proposed Constitutional amendment granting full voting representation to the citizens of our Nation's Capital. The ratification process for this proposed amendment has begun and I urge the State legislatures which have not ratified the resolution to join those which have. We will ntinue our efforts this year in the ratification effort. Last year, progress was made toward strengthening the District's ability to meet its citizens' needs. With the Congress' help, we enacted legislation authorizing nstruction of the full METRO Mass Transit System and legislation funding the District's pension plan for municipal employees. In , we will build on this rerd. My Administration will ntinue to work closely with the Congress and Mayor Barry to expand home rule for the District, including development of a sensible formula for determining the Federal payment to the District. I will ntinue working with Mayor Barry to make our Nation's Capital City a model for the rest of the Nation. Commission on the Holocaust Last year, I received and approved the remmendations of the President's Commission on the Holocaust, which I established to assess how our government might officially regnize, for the first time, the tragedy of the Holocaust. I will shortly be appointing a Council of distinguished Americans to develop ways to implement the Commission's proposals. The Council and my Administration will work closely with the Congress as we establish an appropriate memorial to the six million Jews and the millions of other victims of Nazism during World War II. IV. MAKING GOVERNMENT EFFECTIVE AND EFFICIENT One of my major mmitments as a candidate was to make the Federal government more effective and efficient. Over the past three years, with Congress' help, I believe that enormous progress has been made toward that goal. Reforms thought to be impossible—such as Civil Service Reform—have been enacted. Regulatory burdens—such as airline regulation and government paperwork—have been reduced or eliminated. This ming year, I intend to work with the Congress to improve further the government's ability to serve the nation effectively. GOVERNMENT REORGANIZATION One of my highest priorities has been to improve the quality and efficiency of Federal programs through reorganization. Since I took office, we have submitted reorganization initiatives to Congress, and Congress has approved all of them. These initiatives have strengthened the Federal government's capacity to deal effectively with such critical issues as energy, civil service, disaster relief, civil rights, international development assistance, education and trade. In , Congress approved legislation that I sought to nsolidate education programs in a new Cabinet department. The Department of Education will provide full-time leadership, improved management and direct acuntability for its performance to me, to the Congress and to those involved in education at every level. This month I put into effect a major reorganization of the Federal government's trade functions approved by Congress last year. In njunction with the Multilateral Trade Negotiations Agreements this reorganization will ensure that expanded trade opportunities for American business abroad are fully realized, and that my goal of trade expansion is given a higher priority by the Federal government. Organizational initiatives are also an important part of my energy program. We have nsolidated enforcement functions for the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System under a single Federal Inspector to ensure timely mpletion of the natural gas pipeline. To reduce our dependence on foreign oil, I have proposed the creation of an Energy Mobilization Board which will expedite Federal, State, and local decisions on proposed energy facilities. I am also urging the Congress to approve creation of an Energy Security Corporation to spur development of a domestic fuels industry. This year I will propose to Congress another significant reorganization: a plan which will strengthen the internal management and effectiveness of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Safety is our highest ncern in regulating nuclear power development, and my reorganization plan will help improve the NRC's ability to ensure nuclear safety. GENERAL MANAGEMENT REFORM To simplify the government for our citizens and to reduce the burden of unnecessary requirements and regulations, we will pursue a number of initiatives this year. We have instituted a governmentwide management system to mandate the st effectiveness of new regulations and the sunsetting of old ones. In , we will ntinue to pursue further reform of regulations through legislation designed to make permanent a new framework for managing the regulatory process, and legislation to reduce paperwork and red tape. We will also pursue initiatives to simplify the eligibility requirements for human services programs and to improve the management and delivery of social services through increased use of private sector skills and talent. This reform will reduce the obstacles for needy citizens seeking assistance and improve our ability to remove fraud from the system. Last year, we implemented a program to manage the government's cash flow more efficiently. We have saved over million a year, and we expect further annual savings of million through more timely llection of cash payments, tighter ntrol over disbursements and reductions in idle balances. We have vigorously implemented legislation passed last year to establish independent inspectors general in each department and ordinated their work through the Executive Group to Combat Fraud and Waste in Government. To spot areas where management reform is especially likely to increase efficiency, I have created a Management Improvement Council to diagnose such circumstances and prescribe a cure. We will ntinue to pursue vigorously our efforts to improve the structure and management of government programs. This is tough, unglamorous work, but it is essential to reduce the st of government and to provide better service to the American people. CIVIL SERVICE AND COMPENSATION REFORM In March I said that civil service reform would be the centerpiece of my government reorganization efforts. The Congress supported it, and I am pleased to report it is working very well. In the first real test of the reform act, over % of the eligible top-level managers joined the Senior Executive Service, choosing the challenge and acuntability demanded by this new rps of top executives. The Office of Personnel Management, the Merit Systems Protection Board, and the Federal Labor Relations Authority authorized by the Act have operated effectively in their first year. And the agencies throughout the government ntinue to make substantial progress in implementing the other important civil service reforms. For the first time in the hundred year history of the civil service system Federal employees can get and hold jobs, and be paid, on the basis of actual on-the-job performance—not merely length of service. Last year, I asked the Congress to take the next step in my Federal Employee Compensation Reform Message. I urged you to pass a pay reform bill which would modernize the Federal mpensation system. This legislation is fair to Federal employees and to American taxpayers alike. Our white llar, blue llar and military mpensation systems must be reformed in order to make certain that we neither overpay nor underpay Federal employees. It is a fair bill, and one which will help restore public nfidence in the Federal service. I urge Congressional action on it. REGULATORY REFORM "Over the past three years, we have put into place a mprehensive program to overhaul the Federal regulatory establishment, and eliminate unnecessary regulatory burdens. For , I am determined to ntinue the progress of this effort; it is the most important part of my ongoing campaign to make our government more efficient and effective.   Airline deregulation. The Airline Deregulation Act of has revolutionized air transportation. In the first year of its operation, the new environment of free mpetition created by the law produced a rerd number of flights and passengers, a much wider variety of service packages, and a savings of approximately . billion in the fares paid by the travelling public. Under the Act, regulatory ntrols will ntinue to be relaxed, until in , the CAB itself will be mpletely phased out of existence." Trucking deregulation. The trucking industry is enmeshed in detailed regulations that ntrol the routes truckers can drive and the goods they can carry. In addition, truckers are allowed to fix prices through industry rate bureaus. This regulatory system works to stifle mpetition, waste fuel, reduce service to small towns, and inflate prices. My appointees to the Interstate Commerce Commission have started modernizing the system, but we need legislation to provide mprehensive reform. I have submitted a bill to open up entry, lift restrictions on the goods truckers may haul and the routes they may use, promote vigorous price mpetition, reduce regulatory delays, and improve safety on the road. This bill is an important step in fighting inflation, and I look forward to passage of a sound bill by early summer. If appropriate legislation is not enacted, I would expect the ICC to proceed under its authority to implement reform initiatives. In addition, we need legislation to increase mpetition in the household moving industry. The Senate recently passed a nstructive bill, and I urge the House to strengthen and pass it. Railroad deregulation. Railroads have traditionally been one of the most overregulated industries in America. As a result, management initiative, service, and mpetitive pricing have been stifled. Railroad plants and equipment have deteriorated, and the average railroad industry rate of return on investment is far too low. My Administration will ntinue to work to eliminate these wasteful nditions and the regulatory structure which helps cause them. Our principal weapon in that effort is the railroad deregulation bill that I proposed last year. Enactment of significant railroad deregulation legislation this year is essential to restoring our railroad system to its former strength. Financial institutions regulation. Last year the mbination of deposit rate ceilings and outmoded restrictions on the asset powers of thrift institutions produced severe inequities for the small saver, substantial savings outflows from many thrift institutions, and disruptions in the availability of mortgage credit. Contrary to its intended purpose, the Regulation Q system has ntributed to the cyclical nature of the housing market and has destabilized the flow of mortgage funds. In a related area, changing mpetitive relationships, as well as innovations in the market, have increased inequities and produced a ntinuing decline in Federal Reserve membership. Now is the time to take the actions necessary to prepare for the financial environment of the 's. The Congress passed legislation in which increased the ability of many Americans to obtain mortgage credit. In addition, the Congress made major progress toward enactment of the historic financial reform legislation I proposed last year. This year we will work closely with Congress to achieve final approval of our financial reform objectives: the phaseout of Regulation Q deposit rate ceilings, the broadening of the asset and liability process of thrift institutions, the approval of legislation to stem the decline in Federal Reserve membership, and the elimination of other unwarranted regulatory restraints. Prompt action is necessary to avert a significant decline in Federal Reserve membership and to assure a fair rate of return to the saver, a steadier flow of housing credit, and a stable financial environment for all classes of depository institutions. This spring I will submit to the Congress the Administration's findings on the McFadden Act and other geographic restraints on banking activity. Telemmunications deregulation. Technological advances, such as satellites, mputers, and microwave relays, have made it practical to move much of the telemmunications industry from a regulated monopoly to a deregulated, mpetitive market. This shift is already underway and is benefitting individual customers as well as mpanies. Toward that end, I will ntinue to support strongly ongoing efforts in Congress to pass a bill that will enurage and protect mpetition, remove needless regulation, and maintain universal, reliable service. In addition, we need this legislation to smooth the transition to a mpetitive environment by protecting workers' rights, ensuring against any large increases for rural telephone rates and providing needed national security and emergency preparedness powers. Regulation Reform Act. In March of , I sent to Congress the Regulation Reform Act. When enacted, this bill will assure that new and existing regulations will be rigorously scrutinized before they can be issued or retained, that wasteful delays are eliminated from the regulatory process, that key regulatory officials be selected purely on grounds of integrity and mpetence, and that the public will be assured meaningful opportunities to participate in regulatory decision-making. The reform steps I have taken administratively have already avoided billions of dollars in unnecessary regulatory sts, erased thousands of useless regulations from the books of OSHA and other agencies, and opened up the regulatory process across the Executive Branch. Enactment of my regulatory reform bill legislation is needed in this Congress, to strengthen these reforms, and extend their benefits to the independent regulatory mmissions. Presidential oversight of regulation. Many regulatory programs are vital to the protection of the health, safety and welfare of our citizens. These we must manage effectively, while cutting out wasteful red tape, rigidity, and sts imposed on industry and the public, and enhancing opportunities for public participation in decision-making. From the outset of my Administration, I have actively used my authority as President to assure that Executive Branch regulatory agencies respect these goals, through executive orders, through oversight from the Office of Management and Budget, through a Regulatory Analysis Review Group to assure that regulatory sts are accurately evaluated, and through a Regulatory Council to eliminate duplication and overlap among individual agencies. We will pursue these efforts in . "Legislative Veto. While supporting the Regulation Reform Act, I will strongly oppose proposals that would undermine the ability of the President to manage the regulatory process, or would cripple the effectiveness of needed programs. In particular, my Administration will oppose proposals to subject individual agency rules to veto by one or two houses of Congress, to transfer regulatory policy decision-making authority to the Federal urts, and to create rigid statutory procedures for Presidential supervision of Executive Branch regulatory agencies.   This last year has seen Congress besieged by assaults on various important regulatory statutes, especially the Federal Trade Commission Act, seeking groundless exemptions, crippling loopholes, and unprecedented Congressional interference with ongoing proceedings. I will resist strenuously all such efforts to nfuse special interest pressure with regulatory reform." COMMUNICATIONS "My highest priority in the mmunications area is passage of regulatory reform legislation vering the telemmunications industry. In addition, in we will ntinue our program to make the media more diverse and to ensure that the public gets the full benefit of the advances in mmunications technologies. Administration efforts include:   • working to increase minority participation; already our program has helped produce a two-thirds increase in minority ownership of broadcast stations, and we will ntinue that progress;   • working with the Federal Communications Commission to ntinue to eliminate needless paperwork and regulations;   • pursuing plans to open up channels for as many as , new radio stations, to improve service to rural areas and provide more opportunities for minorities;   • developing proposals to improve the way frequencies are assigned, including incentives for users to nserve the increasingly crowded radio spectrum;   • enuraging the use of satellites, cable TV, and other technologies to deliver public services and to improve rural mmunications;   • working with Congress and the FCC to protect First Amendment rights and the free flow of information, through such measures as my bill on police searches of newsrooms; and" • ntinuing to support a strong, independent public broadcasting system and working to increase its verage to reach all Americans. In addition, I will submit to the Senate, later this year, the Treaty and Protol that resulted from the World Administrative Radio Conference ncluded in Geneva in December. This nference, and the follow-up nferences that will be held in the next few years, will determine the utilization of the radio spectrum for the rest of the century. We prepared for this nference for over two years; our delegation has secured for the United States all allocations necessary for its civilian and military services while also responding to the legitimate needs of the Third World nations. SUNSET We will ntinue to work with Congress to pass sunset legislation. This legislation will overme the inertia that lets Federal programs ntinue when they have outlived their purpose. It will ensure that Congress regularly reviews programs to decide whether they should be changed or eliminated. A mprehensive sunset bill, with a strong mechanism to force action when programs need change, is a vital building-block toward making the government more efficient. PAPERWORK REDUCTION In the past three years, my Administration has cut the amount of time Americans spend filling out Federal forms by million hours—almost %. I recently issued an Executive Order to ntinue this progress by strengthening our management program. However, Congress is enacting new paperwork requirements in energy, environmental protection, and other areas, and we must have legislation to provide the strong administrative ntrols that will be needed to minimize these burdens. I urge Congress to pass a Paperwork Reduction Act to close the wide loopholes in Executive Branch oversight power and create new authority to halt duplicative data llection. In addition, I urge legislation be enacted to improve Federal statistical systems by strengthening central management and by enuraging agencies to share data, under new, tough nfidentiality safeguards. LOBBY REFORM The American people have a right to know what significant influences affect their national legislature. The proliferation of well-financed, organizational lobbying activities during recent years has demonstrated the clear need for reform of the outdated and ineffective lobby disclosure law now in effect. This year my Administration will again work with Congress to pass a sound lobby law reform bill—one that respects the First Amendment rights of all Americans and minimizes paperwork burdens, yet allows meaningful disclosures. PUBLIC FINANCING OF CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS The impact of special interest ntributions on ngressional campaigns has grown dramatically in recent years. It is time to adopt public financing for ngressional elections before it is too late. Such public financing will avoid even the appearance of undue special interest influence, and will allow worthy candidates without adequate funds to run for Congress. I urge the Congress to act on this legislation. JUDICIAL REFORM In my Civil Justice Reform Message last year, I made proposals to increase the efficiency, cut the st, and enhance the integrity of our Federal urt system. Last year, I signed the Federal Magistrates Act of . Both the Senate and the House have passed the Dispute Resolution Act, which would develop simple and informal means of resolving citizen disputes, and I look forward to early final action on this legislation. The Federal Courts Improvement Act has passed the Senate, and I urge the House to act on it early in this session. I hope that the Congress will also pass the other bills remmended in my Message, such as the one which would curtail diversity jurisdiction. LEAA LEAA's potential to improve and strengthen State and local criminal justice programs has never been realized. Two years ago, I proposed far-reaching reforms in its structure and programs. Last month, Congress passed, and I signed, a bill which inrporated most of those reforms and which reauthorized LEAA for four more years. These reforms will preclude excessive expenditure of funds for equipment, enable better information and research about crime problems and permit funding only of innovative programs which have a high probability or rerd of proven success. During this year we will implement the new legislation in a way that makes certain the agency is efficiently carrying out its mission of providing meaningful law enforcement assistance. PATENT REFORM As part of the Industrial Innovation policy that I announced last year, we will be seeking to reform our patent laws in a way which will spur creativity and invention. The Administration will be working with Congress to develop a single policy to guide the Departments and Agencies dealing with patents resulting from federally-sponsored research. Such uniform treatment should enurage the mmercial use of disveries while protecting the taxpayers' investment. V. PROTECTING BASIC RIGHTS AND LIBERTIES Since taking office, I have worked to protect and enhance the basic fights and liberties guaranteed to Americans under the Constitution and our other laws. With your operation, we have made important progress in this area. This year, though, important work remains to be done if our goal of ensuring equality and basic freedoms for all Americans is to be realized. The dream of equal opportunity remains unfulfilled. I will do whatever I can to bring that dream closer to realization. EQUAL RIGHTS AMENDMENT I am Committed as strongly as possible to the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. Its ratification this year will be one of my highest priorities. As a result of our efforts in , the Equal Rights Amendment's deadline for ratification was extended for three years. We have now two years and three States left. We cannot afford any delay in marshalling our resources and efforts to obtain the ratification of those three additional States. With your help, I believe we can succeed this year. Although the Congress has no official role in the ratification process at this point, you do have the ability to affect public opinion and the support of State Legislators for the Amendment. I urge Members from States which have not yet ratified the Equal Rights Amendment to use that ability. CIVIL RIGHTS The mpletion of the civil rights reorganization and significant operational improvements in the agencies that carry out equal employment opportunity functions have enabled the federal government to shift its focus for the first time to large-scale enforcement efforts. These have been buttressed by our vigorous and successful posture in several landmark affirmative action cases. At the same time, the reorganization mandate to eliminate unnecessary sts, paperwork and other burdens to businesses is being vigorously implemented by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. That will ntinue with increased resources this year. To make certain that civil rights activities are given the highest priority in the Agencies, we have created a civil rights unit in the Office of Management and Budget. This new unit will monitor civil rights enforcement and advise the Director of OMB on the funding and management resources needed for effective enforcement. MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led this Nation's effort to provide all its citizens with civil rights and equal opportunities. His mmitment to human rights, peace and non-violence stands as a monument to his humanity and urage. As one of our Nation's most outstanding leaders, it is appropriate that his birthday be mmemorated as a national holiday, and I will ntinue to work with the Congress to enact legislation that will achieve this goal. FAIR HOUSING Enforcement of laws against housing discrimination has lagged in mparison with the employment area. Because there is no adequate enforcement mechanism, Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act, which prohibits discrimination in housing, has been largely ineffective. I have strongly supported legislation which seeks to provide the Department of Housing and Urban Development with the power to hold administrative hearings and to issue cease and desist orders" in cases where Title VIII has been violated. We will ntinue to work with the Congress during to enact this long-overdue authority. Its enactment will ntinue to be my highest legislative priority in the civil rights area. INTELLIGENCE CHARTERS "A legislative charter for the intelligence agencies and a charter for the FBI are long overdue. The failure to define in law the duties and responsibilities of these agencies has made possible some of the abuses which have occurred in recent   years." Several months ago, I submitted to the Congress a legislative charter for the FBI which protects the rights of our citizens while preserving the Bureau's ability to meet its important responsibilities. In , we will ntinue to work with the Congress toward enactment of this legislation. Events of the past year indicate the need for a strengthened and clearly defined role for our intelligence mmunity. On the basis of the sound nsultative work done already with Congress, I plan to submit a proposed charter early this year. HATCH ACT REFORM Federal employees who work in nonsensitive positions should have the right to participate in off-the-job political activities. My Administration will ntinue to support legislation which would reform the Hatch Act to acmplish this goal, and would prevent any on-the-job political abuse. CRIMINAL CODE The Federal criminal laws are often archaic, frequently ntradictory and imprecise, and clearly in need of revision and dification. My Administration will ntinue to work with the Congress to develop a Federal criminal de which simplifies and clarifies our criminal laws, while maintaining our basic civil liberties and protections. LABOR LAW REFORM Our labor laws are vital to ensuring that a sound labor-management relationship exists in llective bargaining. Efforts to abuse those labor laws, especially by unduly slowing or blocking their implementation, have increased in recent years. As a result, a reform of our labor laws is badly needed to guarantee that their intended spirit is fully observed and enforced. I am again ready to work with the Congress to develop legislation which improves the fairness and effectiveness of our labor laws. HANDICAPPED During my Administration, we have made great strides toward ending discrimination against handicapped people through broadened employment opportunities, educational opportunities, and greater access to public facilities and services. Just after I came to office, the Department of Health, Education and Welfare issued the first regulations on Section of the Rehabilitation Act. Since then, numerous other Federal agencies have issued final regulations, and we expect to have regulations from all the necessary agencies by the end of . Last year I supported legislation which would prohibit discrimination against the handicapped in private employment and housing. I will ntinue to support that initiative this year and to clarify legislative and administrative uncertainty about provisions of the Acts affecting the rights or programs affecting handicapped individuals. While my Administration has worked to improve programs serving the handicapped, we must ntinue to push for removal of psychological and physical barriers against handicapped people in our society. We are actively organizing and preparing for next year's International Year of the Disabled. The International Year will enable this untry—with the public and private sector working together-to demonstrate its mmitment to the disabled and to teach or learn from other nations about ways to advance the quality of life of handicapped individuals. PRIVACY Changes in our society are threatening the rights to personal privacy. Government and private institutions llect increasing amounts of information about individuals. Many decisions that once were made face-to-face are now based on rerded data, and modern technology allows this data to be transferred throughout the untry instantaneously. Much of this information must be llected and used to enforce the laws, provide financial services, and for other important services. However, these needs must be balanced against the right to privacy and against the harm that unfair uses of information can cause. Last year, I announced the government's first mprehensive privacy program, building on legislation already passed to prevent improper use of wiretaps and improper access to personal bank rerds. This new program has five separate bills—establishing privacy safeguards for medical, research, bank, insurance, and credit rerds and providing special protections, modeled on the wiretap laws, for electronic funds transfer systems. In addition, I have proposed legislation limiting police searches of newsrooms to deal with the problems created by the Supreme Court's Stanford Daily decision. My privacy program includes non-legislative action as well. We have improved the handling of Federal rerds—we stopped the growth of personnel rerds and started cutting back, and we established rules to ntrol mputer matching of Federal files. I have called upon employers to establish voluntary privacy des for the rerds ncerning their employees and launched nationwide hearings to promote that effort. International guidelines are needed to protect the privacy of personal information transferred from one untry to another, while avoiding disruption of needed information flows. We have spearheaded work in the Organization for Enomic Cooperation and Development toward this end, and guidelines have been drafted for adoption this year. The key protections, however, need legislation. I urge Congress to act now on the five privacy bills I have submitted. VI. PROTECTING AND DEVELOPING OUR NATURAL RESOURCES Two of our Nation's greatest natural resources are our environment and our fertile agricultural capacity. Since I have been in office, I have worked with the Congress to preserve, protect and where appropriate, develop our natural resources. In the environmental areas, I have been ncerned about the importance of preserving a clean environment, and have taken a number of major actions designed to foster such an environment. In the agricultural area, I have taken the steps needed to improve farm inmes and increase our agricultural production to rerd levels. With your help we can ntinue to make progress in both of these areas in . ENVIRONMENT Balancing the need for resource development and nservation has been a major environmental theme of my Administration. I remain strongly nvinced that this Nation can have enomic and energy development and adequate environmental protection. As we open the decade of the 's, all Americans can be proud of their natural and cultural heritage which ntinues to satisfy enomic, recreational, and spiritual requirements.  is the tenth anniversary of a decade of environmental awareness that began on Earth Day, . During this past decade, monumental legislative achievements have occurred. These include: the National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts, additions to our National Parks, Trails, and River Systems, and the Endangered Species Act. I was pleased to sign into law the reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act last year. During as we celebrate this tenth anniversary let us rededicate ourselves to the creation and maintenance of a safe and healthy environment, to the wise use and development of our natural resources, to the fair implementation of environmental statutes, to preserving unique wildlife resources, and to even greater achievements for improving the quality of life for all Americans. During the next year, my Administration will vigorously pursue the protection of Alaskan lands; the implementation of an effective water resources policy; a careful implementation of domestic energy production programs, with proper regard for environmental values; a review of wilderness potential on the public lands; creation of a hazardous waste management program; fisheries development and astal management policies. ALASKA LANDS Passage of legislation which adequately resolves the allocation of Federal lands in Alaska ntinues to be my highest environmental priority. At stake is the fate of tens of millions of acres of beautiful land, outstanding and unique wildlife populations, native cultures, and the opportunity to ensure that future generations of Americans will be able to experience and benefit from these nationally significant resources. The proposals which I have supported in the th Congress, and again during the first session of this Congress, assure that Alaska's great national treasures can be preserved, while providing for increased domestic energy production and for the enomic needs of all Alaskans. In addition to remmendations for designating National Parks, Wildlife Refuges, Wilderness Areas, National Forests, and Wild and Scenic Rivers on the Federal lands in Alaska, I have or will be proposing aggressive but environmentally sensitive oil and gas development programs in Alaska's outer ntinental shelf and National Petroleum Reserve. My Administration is also stepping up the transfer of million acres of Federal land to the State of Alaska and million acres to Alaskan natives so that both the State of Alaska and the Native Corporations can build their enomic base. However, in order to maintain the proper balance between resource protection and development in Alaska, the Congress must now enact the mprehensive legislation which has been before that body for over two years. The th Congress will soon be asked to vote on what clearly amounts to the nservation decision of the century. The House of Representatives has already passed a strong nservation bill and the Senate will shortly take up debate on this issue. I urge that the Congress carry out its responsibility to enact legislation which truly protects and preserves our natural heritage in Alaska. HAZARDOUS WASTE/TOXIC SUBSTANCES One of the most important environmental and public health issues facing our Nation is the threat caused by the improper disposal of hazardous substances. Accidents like those at Love Canal and Valley of the Drums have highlighted the inadequacy of the existing laws and inability of governments at all levels to respond quickly and efficiently to these dangerous incidents. In the ming years, there may be thousands of hazardous waste sites which will need attention, the st of which uld be enormous. Clearly an effective public policy is needed to deal with this situation. Last June, I submitted to Congress a mprehensive . billion legislative proposal that establishes a system to deal with releases from unntrollable hazardous waste sites as well as spills of oil and hazardous substances. This system includes provisions for emergency government response, effective enforcement, liability and in some cases, enomic mpensation. The system also calls for a partnership with the States in cleaning up and ntaining this problem. This legislation is absolutely essential if we are to meet our responsibilities to the public and I urge the Congress to act on it expeditiously. NUCLEAR WASTE MANAGEMENT The problems related to the management, disposal and storage of nuclear wastes remains one of the most serious problems with nuclear power. My Administration has been deeply ncerned with this problem for the past three years. An exhaustive study and review of this problem has been undertaken by the Administration over the past year. Based on the findings and remmendations of that study, I will soon be proposing to Congress mprehensive legislation that deals directly with this problem. My proposals, if enacted, will represent the biggest step forward in the area of nuclear waste management since the dawn of the nuclear age. I urge the Congress to take action in this area this year. RARE II In , I submitted to Congress my remmendations on wilderness for the National Forests under the RARE II procedure. These proposals include . million acres of new wilderness—the most desirable areas within the vast review. Over million acres are undergoing further study. In addition, I directed the Forest Service to release for multiple use management the million acres of land that was designated for non-wilderness. I urge the Congress to approve my remmendations this year. WATER POLICY LEGISLATION Sound water management is vital to the enomic and environmental health of our Nation. Administrative implementation of the mprehensive water policy initiatives which I announced in June of is nearing mpletion. We will ntinue to work with the Congress to pass legislation needed to improve further Federal water resources programs and to support the States in their primary responsibilities for water allocation and management. I am pleased that last fall the Senate authorized an expanded grant program to the States for water management and water nservation technical assistance, and I expect the House to soon pass this legislation. The st sharing bill which I have proposed is critically needed to give the States a more effective voice in setting water project priorities in state and Federal water policy decisions. "I believe the establishment of an independent review unit in the Water Resources Council is essential, and I urge the Congress to act quickly on the pending authorization. The independent review unit will provide an objective, impartial, technical analysis to the Administration and to the Congress, of water projects proposed for authorization or new-start nstruction funding. This information will enable the Administration and the Congress to make better informed decisions on where to invest the taxpayers' water resource dollars.   It should be clear that my Administration supports sound water resources development, and has taken several steps to improve the quality of projects sent to Congress for authorization and funding. I am ncerned that the water projects authorization bills now under nsideration by Congress threaten to overturn the progress made in recent years. I urge the Congress to give this legislation the careful and thoughtful scrutiny required by our joint mmitment to restraining Federal spending and ensuring a sound environment." FISHERIES DEVELOPMENT Last May, my Administration proposed a fisheries development policy that regnizes both the importance of the U.S. mmercial fishing industry to the Nation's enomy and that fish is an important food source. This policy includes a regnition of the potential for fisheries expansion within the Nation's -mile fisheries nservation zone, and the importance of the Federal government's creating a positive climate for fisheries development. In njunction with this policy, my Administration has sent a legislative proposal on fisheries development to the Congress. It is time that the United States begin taking action to more fully utilize the fisheries resources of the -mile enomic zone. I urge the Congress to join with me in this effort. Agriculture AGRICULTURAL PROGRESS While much work remains to be done, America's agriculture is by far the best in the world. Efforts made by my Administration, in operation with Congress, to secure enomic stability for the farmer, have produced results. In , we experienced another rerd year for farm production. Net farm inme jumped to billion in , a billion increase over . Agricultural exports also reached new highs, rising % in to billion. Despite the suspension of exports to the Soviet Union, we can expect a ntinued healthy export picture for our Nation's farmers. Last year the Secretary of Agriculture travelled around the untry and nducted an extraordinarily detailed and creative dialogue with the Nation's farmers. He obtained invaluable suggestions on enomic and social issues ncerning farm life; as we prepare our farm program for this year and beyond, the advice of our Nation's farmers will clearly be reflected in the policies we develop with the Congress. SOVIET GRAIN SUSPENSION In response to the Soviet armed invasion of Afghanistan on Christmas Eve, I took several actions to demonstrate our Nation's resolve to resist such hostile acts of aggression against a sovereign, independent nation. One of the most important of these actions was the suspension of grain sales to the Soviet Union beyond the million tons provided under our grains agreement. The Soviet Union had intended to purchase an estimated million tons of U.S. wheat and feed grains. Thus, the suspension of sales above the million ton agreement level is expected to result in the freeing of about million tons. My decision to suspend these sales was a difficult one, but a necessary one. We uld not ntinue to do business as usual with the Soviet Union while it is invading an independent, sovereign nation in an area of the world of strategic importance to the United States. I am fully mmitted to a policy of promoting international trade, and particularly the expanded export of U.S. agricultural products. I am proud of my Administration's rerd in this regard. Because of the aggressive efforts of American farmers and businessmen, working in operation with Federal representatives, and the provision of new authorities by Congress, we have set new export rerds in each of the past years. Even with the Soviet suspension, we intend to set still another rerd in the ming year. In making my decisions on the suspension, I believed it would be unfair to ask the American farmer to bear a greater share of the burden and sacrifice than their fellow Americans were asked to bear. Farmers should not be penalized simply because they are part of an agricultural machine that is of growing strategic importance in the world. To protect American farmers from the price depressing effects of the grain suspension, I directed the Secretary of Agriculture to take several actions: • The Commodity Credit Corporation will assume the ntractual obligations for grain previously mmitted for shipment to the Soviet Union. • The Department of Agriculture, acting through the Commodity Credit Corporation, will purchase wheat ntracted for export to the Soviet Union for the purpose of forming an emergency international wheat reserve. In this nnection, I will propose legislation authorizing release of this wheat for international aid purposes. "• To enurage farmers to place additional grain in the farmer-held grain reserve, the Secretary of Agriculture has made several modifications in that important program.   • The Commodity Credit Corporation will purchase rn at the local level to alleviate the ngestion within the transportation system caused by the refusal of the International Longshoremen's Association to load grain up to the million metric ton level." In mbination, these actions are expected to isolate from the market an amount of grain equivalent to that not shipped to the Soviet Union, thereby avoiding a decline in grain prices. I am pleased to report that these actions are having the desired results and that American farmers are being protected from the effects of the suspension. If further actions are necessary to insure that American agriculture does not bear a disproportionately large share of the burden associated with this action, I will not hesitate to take them. CROP INSURANCE We now have an assortment of Federal loan, grant and insurance programs designed to protect farmers from the enomic risks associated with natural disasters. We regnized early in my Administration that these programs were in serious need of reform. They are marked by many shortmings: innsistencies in eligibility, inequities in the level of benefits to producers of different crops, and inefficiencies in the use of taxpayer money. Recent evidence of abuse in the agricultural disaster loan programs provides further evidence of the need for this reform. I have sent the Congress a proposal to nsolidate these authorities in the form of an all-risk mprehensive insurance program. Congress has made clear progress in devising an improved crop insurance program, but work remains to be done. I urge the Congress to finish its work on this legislation as soon as possible. INTERNATIONAL EMERGENCY WHEAT RESERVE The Congress has not yet acted on the proposal I made in the last Session to create an International Emergency Wheat Reserve. This reserve of up to million tons of wheat would be used to assure recipient nations that we will meet our international food aid mmitments. The suspension of further grain sales to the Soviet Union provides an appropriate opportunity to provide this authority, and thereby establish guidelines for the release of wheat now being acquired by the Commodity Credit Corporation. FOREIGN POLICY From the time I assumed office three years ago this month, I have stressed the need for this untry to assert a leading role in a world undergoing the most extensive and intensive change in human history. "My policies have been directed in particular at three areas of change:   —the steady growth and increased projection abroad of Soviet military power—power that has grown faster than our own over the past two decades.   —the overwhelming dependence of Western nations, which now increasingly includes the United States, on vital oil supplies from the Middle East.   —the pressures of change in many nations of the developing world, including the year old revolution in Iran and uncertainty about the future in many other untries." As a result of those fundamental facts, we face some of the most serious challenges in the history of this Nation. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan is a threat to global peace, to East-West relations, and to regional stability and to the flow of oil. As the unprecedented and overwhelming vote in the General Assembly demonstrated, untries across the world—and particularly the non-aligned—regard the Soviet invasion as a threat to their independence and security. Turmoil within the region adjacent to the Persian Gulf poses risks for the security and prosperity of every Western nation and thus for the entire global enomy. The ntinuing holding of American hostages in Iran is both an affront to civilized people everywhere, and a serious impediment to meeting the self-evident threat to widely shared mmon interests—including those of Iran. But as we focus our most urgent efforts on pressing problems, we will ntinue to pursue the benefits that only change can bring. For it always has been the essence of America that we want to move on—we understand that prosperity, progress and most of all peace cannot be had by standing still. A world of nations striving to preserve their independence, and of peoples aspiring for enomic development and political freedom, is not a world hostile to the ideals and interests of the United States. We face powerful adversaries, but we have strong' friends and dependable allies. We have mmon interests with the vast majority of the world's nations and peoples. There have been enuraging developments in recent years, as well as matters requiring ntinued vigilance and ncern: —Our alliances with the world's most advanced and democratic states from Western Europe through Japan are stronger than ever. —We have helped to bring about a dramatic improvement in relations between Egypt and Israel and an historic step towards a mprehensive Arab-Israeli settlement. —Our relations with China are growing closer, providing a major new dimension in our policy in Asia and the world. —And across southern Africa from Rhodesia to Namibia we are helping with the peaceful transition to majority rule in a ntext of respect for minority as well as majority rights. The central challenge for us today is to our steadfastness of purpose. We are no longer tempted by isolationism. But we must also learn to deal effectively with the ntradiction of the world—the need to operate with potential adversaries without euphoria, without undermining our determination to mpete with such adversaries and if necessary nfront the threats they may pose to our security. We face a broad range of threats and opportunities. We have and should ntinue to pursue a broad range of defense, diplomatic and enomic capabilities and objectives. I see five basic goals for America in the world over the 's: —First, we will ntinue, as we have over the past three years, to build America's military strength and that of our allies and friends. Neither the Soviet Union nor any other nation will have reason to question our will to sustain the strongest and most flexible defense forces. —Send, we will pursue an active diplomacy in the world, working—together with our friends and allies—to resolve disputes through peaceful means and to make any aggressor pay a heavy price. —Third, we will strive to resolve pressing international enomic problems-particularly energy and inflation—and ntinue to pursue our still larger objective of global enomic growth through expanded trade and development assistance. —Fourth, we will ntinue vigorously to support the process of building democratic institutions and improving human rights protection around the world. We are deeply nvinced that the future lies not with dictatorship but democracy. —Fifth, we remain deeply mmitted to the process of mutual and verifiable arms ntrol, particularly to the effort to prevent the spread and further development of nuclear weapons. Our decision to defer, but not abandon our efforts to secure ratification of the SALT II Treaty reflects our firm nviction that the United States has a profound national security interest in the nstraints on Soviet nuclear forces which only that treaty can provide. "Continuing close operation between the Congress and the Executive Branch will be required to achieve these goals. My most immediate legislative priorities include:   () Defense Department Authorization and Appropriations Bills   () Special International Security Assistance, for Pakistan and other untries   () Bilateral and Multilateral Foreign Assistance Bills, including Central America supplemental   () The China Trade Agreement   () Intelligence Charters   () Refugee Legislation and Funding   () Human Rights Conventions   () And, when appropriate, the SALT II Treaty." One very immediate and pressing objective that is uppermost on our minds and those of the American people is the release of our hostages in Iran. We have no basic quarrel with the nation, the revolution or the people of Iran. The threat to them mes not from American policy but from Soviet actions in the region. We are prepared to work with the government of Iran to develop a new and mutually beneficial relationship. But that will not be possible so long as Iran ntinues to hold Americans hostage, in defiance of the world mmunity and civilized behavior. They must be released unharmed. We have thus far pursued a measured program of peaceful diplomatic and enomic steps in an attempt to resolve this issue without resorting to other remedies available to us under international law. This reflects the deep respect of our Nation for the rule of law and for the safety of our people being held, and our belief that a great power bears a responsibility to use its strength in a measured and judicious manner. But our patience is not unlimited and our ncern for the well-being of our fellow citizens grows each day. ENHANCING NATIONAL SECURITY—AMERICAN MILITARY STRENGTH The maintenance of national security is my first ncern, as it has been for every President before me. As I stated one year ago in Atlanta: This is still a world of danger, a world in which democracy and freedom are still challenged, a world in which peace must be re-won every day." We must have both the military power and the political will to deter our adversaries and to support our friends and allies. We must pay whatever price is required to remain the strongest nation in the world. That price has increased as the military power of our major adversary has grown and its readiness to use that power been made all too evident in Afghanistan. THE U.S.-SOVIET RELATIONSHIP We are demonstrating to the Soviet Union across a broad front that it will pay a heavy price for its aggression in terms of our relationship. Throughout the last decades U.S.-Soviet relations have been a mixture of operation and mpetition. The Soviet attack on Afghanistan and the ruthless extermination of its government have highlighted in the starkest terms the darker side of their policies—going well beyond mpetition and the legitimate pursuit of national interest, and violating all norms of international law and practice. This attempt to subjugate an independent, non-aligned Islamic people is a callous violation of international law and the United Nations Charter, two fundamentals of international order. Hence, it is also a dangerous threat to world peace. For the first time since World War II, the Soviets have sent mbat forces into an area that was not previously under their ntrol, into a non-aligned and sovereign state. On January I therefore announced a number of measures, including the reduction of grain sales and the curtailment of trade and technology transfer, designed to demonstrate our firm opposition to Soviet actions in Afghanistan and to undersre our belief that in the face of this blatant transgression of international law, it was impossible to nduct business as usual. I have also been in nsultation with our allies and with untries in the region regarding additional multilateral measures that might be taken to register our disapproval and bolster security in Southwest Asia. I have been heartened by the support expressed for our position, and by the fact that such support has been tangible, as well as moral. The destruction of the independence of Afghanistan government and the occupation by the Soviet Union has altered the strategic situation in that part of the world in a very ominous fashion. It has brought the Soviet Union within striking distance of the Indian Ocean and even the Persian Gulf. It has eliminated a buffer between the Soviet Union and Pakistan and presented a new threat to Iran. These two untries are now far more vulnerable to Soviet political intimidation. If that intimidation were to prove effective, the Soviet Union might well ntrol an area of vital strategic and enomic significance to the survival of Western Europe, the Far East, and ultimately the United States. It is clear that the entire subntinent of Asia and specifically Pakistan is threatened. Therefore, I am asking Congress, as the first order of business, to pass an enomic and military aid package designed to assist Pakistan defend itself. DEFENSE BUDGET For many years the Soviets have steadily increased their real defense spending, expanded their strategic forces, strengthened their forces in Europe and Asia, and enhanced their capability for projecting military force around the world directly or through the use of proxies. Afghanistan dramatizes the vastly increased military power of the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union has built a war machine far beyond any reasonable requirements for their own defense and security. In ntrast, our own defense spending declined in real terms every year from through . We have reversed this decline in our own effort. Every year since there has been a real increase in our defense spending—and our lead has enuraged increases by our allies. With the support of the Congress, we must and will make an even greater effort in the years ahead. The Fiscal Year budget would increase funding authority for defense to more than billion, a real growth of more than % over my request for Fiscal Year . Therefore, requested outlays for defense during Fiscal Year will grow by more than % in real terms over the preceding year. The trends we mean to rrect cannot be remedied overnight; we must be willing to see this program through. To ensure that we do so I am setting a growth rate for defense that we can sustain over the long haul. The defense program I have proposed for the next five years will require some sacrifice—but sacrifice we can well afford. The defense program emphasizes four areas: (a) It ensures that our strategic nuclear forces will be equivalent to those of the Soviet Union and that deterrence against nuclear war will be maintained; (b) It upgrades our forces so that the military balance between NATO and the Warsaw Pact will ntinue to deter the outbreak of war—nventional or nuclear-in Europe; (c) It provides us the ability to me quickly to the aid of friends and allies around the globe; (d) And it ensures that our Navy will ntinue to be the most powerful on the seas. STRATEGIC FORCES We are strengthening each of the three legs of our strategic forces. The cruise missile production which will begin next year will modernize our strategic air deterrent. B- capabilities will also be improved. These steps will maintain and enhance the B- fleet by improving its ability to deliver weapons against increasingly heavily defended targets. We are also modernizing our strategic submarine missile force. The first new Trident submarine has already been launched and will begin sea trials this year. The send Trident will be launched in the spring of . The first of our new Trident missiles, with a range of more than , miles, have already begun operational patrols in Poseidon submarines. The new MX missile will enhance the survivability of our land-based interntinental ballistic missile force. That is why I decided last spring to produce this missile and selected the basing mode best suited to enhance its capability. Further the MX will strengthen our capability to attack a wide variety of Soviet targets. Our new systems will enable U.S. strategic forces to maintain equivalence in the face of the mounting Soviet challenge. We would however need an even greater investment in strategic systems to meet the likely Soviet buildup without SALT. FORCES FOR NATO We are greatly accelerating our ability to reinforce Western Europe with massive ground and air forces in a crisis. We are undertaking a major modernization program for the Army's weapons and equipment, adding armor, firepower, and tactical mobility. We are prepositioning more heavy equipment in Europe to help us pe with attacks with little warning, and greatly strengthening our airlift and sealift capabilities. We are also improving our tactical air forces—buying about new fighter and attack aircraft over the next five years—and increasing the number of Air Force fighter wings by over %. We are accelerating the rate at which we can move mbat aircraft to Europe to pe with any surprise attack, and adding to the number of shelters at European airbases to prevent our aircraft from being destroyed on the ground. RAPID DEPLOYMENT FORCES We are systematically enhancing our ability to respond rapidly to non-NATO ntingencies wherever required by our mmitments or when our vital interests are threatened. The rapid deployment forces we are assembling will be extraordinarily flexible: They uld range in size from a few ships or air squadrons to formations as large as , men, together with their support. Our forces will be prepared for rapid deployment to any region of strategic significance. "Among the specific initiatives we are taking to help us respond to crises outside of Europe are:   —the development and production of a new fleet of large cargo aircraft with interntinental range;   —the design and procurement of a force of Maritime Prepositioning Ships that will carry heavy equipment and supplies for three Marine Corps brigades." "In addition, responding to the Soviet military presence in Cuba and the proxy role of Cuba on behalf of the USSR, we have taken or are taking the following actions in support of the rapid deployment force:   () We are substantially increasing our ability to monitor Cuban and Soviet/Cuban activities;" "() We have established a Caribbean Joint Task Force Headquarters which improves our ability to respond to events in the region;   () We are increasing regional military exercises; and,   () We are intensifying assistance to untries in the region that are threatened by Soviet or Cuban intervention." NAVAL FORCES Sea power is indispensable to our global position—in peace and also in war. Our shipbuilding program will sustain a -ship Navy in the 's and we will ntinue to build the most capable ships afloat. The program I have proposed will assure the ability of our Navy to operate in high threat areas, to maintain ntrol of the seas and protect vital lines of mmunication-both military and enomic-and to provide the strong maritime mponent of our rapid deployment forces. This is essential for operations in remote areas of the world, where we cannot predict far in advance the precise location of trouble, or preposition equipment on land. MILITARY PERSONNEL No matter how capable or advanced our weapons systems, our military security depends on the abilities, the training and the dedication of the people who serve in our armed forces. I am determined to recruit and to retain under any foreseeable circumstances an ample level of such skilled and experienced military personnel. We have enhanced our readiness and mbat endurance by improving the Reserve Components. All reservists are assigned to units structured to mplement and provide needed depth to our active forces. Some reserve personnel have also now been equipped with new equipment. MOBILIZATION PLANNING I have also launched a major effort to establish a herent and practical basis for all government mobilization planning. Begun last May, this is the first such effort nducted at Presidential level since World War II. It involves virtually every Federal agency, with the aim of improved efficiency and readiness. OUR INTELLIGENCE POSTURE Our national interests are critically dependent on a strong and effective intelligence capability. We will not shortchange the intelligence capabilities needed to assure our national security. Maintenance of and ntinued improvements in our multi-faceted intelligence effort are essential if we are to pe successfully with the turbulence and uncertainties of today's world. The intelligence budget I have submitted to the Congress responds to our needs in a responsible way, providing for significant growth over the Fiscal Year budget. This growth will enable us to develop new technical means of intelligence llection while also assuring that the more traditional methods of intelligence work are also given proper stress. We must ntinue to integrate both modes of llection in our analyses. It is imperative that we now move forward promptly within the ntext of effective Congressional oversight to provide America's intelligence mmunity with Charters which can permit it to operate more effectively and within a national ncern dified by law. REGIONAL POLICIES Every President for over three decades has regnized that America's interests are global and that we must pursue a global foreign policy. Two world wars have made clear our stake in Western Europe and the North At]antic area. We are also inextricably linked with the Far East—politically, enomically, and militarily. In both of these, the United States has a permanent presence and security mmitments which would be automatically triggered. We have beme increasingly nscious of our growing interests in a third area—the Middle East and the Persian Gulf area. We have vital stakes in other major regions of the world as well. We have long regnized that in an era of interdependence, our own security and prosperity depend upon a larger mmon effort with friends and allies throughout the world. THE ATLANTIC ALLIANCE At the outset of this Administration I emphasized the primacy of our At]antic relationship in this untry's national security agenda. We have made important progress toward making the Atlantic Alliance still more effective in a changing security environment. We are meeting the Soviet challenge in a number of important ways: "First, there is a regnition among our allies that mutual security is a responsibility to be shared by all. We are each mmitted to increase national defense expenditures by % per year. There remains much work to be done in strengthening NATO's nventional defense; the work proceeding under the Alliance's Long Term Defense Program will help achieve this objective.   Last month, we and our NATO allies took an historic step in Alliance security policies with the decision to improve substantially our theater nuclear capabilities. The theater nuclear force modernization TNF) program, which includes the deployment of improved Pershing ballistic missiles and of ground-launched cruise missiles in Europe, received the unanimous support of our allies. The accelerated deployment of Soviet SS- MIRVed missiles made this modernization step essential. TNF deployments will give the Alliance an important retaliatory option that will make clear to the Soviets that they cannot wage a nuclear war in Europe and expect that Soviet territory will remain unscathed." While we move forward with our necessary defense efforts in Europe, we are also proceeding with our efforts to improve European security through arms ntrol. As an integral part of the NATO TNF decisions, the Alliance has made it clear that it is prepared to negotiate limitations on long-range theater nuclear missiles. On our part, our TNF modernization efforts will make possible a streamlining of our nuclear weapons stockpile in Europe, allowing us to withdraw , nuclear warheads over the next year. In the Mutual and Balanced Force Reduction talks, we and our allies have recently put forward new proposals that are designed to simplify the negotiations and improve the prospect for early progress in limiting nventional military forces in Europe. In a very real sense the acmplishments of the past year answered a critical question ncerning NATO's future: can the Western Alliance, which has provided the foundation for one of the longest periods of peace and prosperity that Europe has ever enjoyed, still summon the essential hesion, relevance, and resolve to deal with fundamental security issues likely to affect its member nations well into the next century? NATO's nsensus in favor of modernizing and negotiating about its nuclear arsenal while ntinuing to improve nventional forces, dramatized Allied capacity to respond effectively to both the military and political threats posed by the Soviet Union. Relations with our allies and friends in Europe are taking on ever broader dimensions. Our security agenda remains central; we are addressing new ncerns as well. I met with an unprecedented number of European statesmen in Washington during the year just past, including the leaders of Great Britain, West Germany, Austria, Norway, Finland, the Netherlands, Ireland, Sweden, and the European Community; in all of these meetings a mmon theme was the changing realities of political and enomic interdependence and, as we enter a new decade, the need to promote more equitable nditions of peaceful growth and stability throughout the world. This approach has achieved tangible form in a number of ways. For example, every West European government supports us as we have ntinued by every peaceful means to seek the release of American hostages held in Tehran in defiance of universal standards of international law and decency. We are nsulting and operating closely in our responses to the Soviet Union's invasion and occupation of Afghanistan. In the NATO area itself, we moved together vigorously to meet the serious enomic problems faced by Turkey and thereby strengthen a vital part of NATO's southern flank and we have signed a new base agreement with Turkey. This action, though indispensable in its own right, also supported our ntinuing efforts to promote a solution to the Cyprus problem and to bring about the reintegration of Greece within the military framework of the Atlantic Alliance, objectives which retain high priority this year. ASIA The United States is a Pacific nation, as much as it is an Atlantic nation. Our interests in Asia are as important to us as our interests in Europe. Our trade with Asia is even greater than our trade with Europe. We have pursued and maintained these interests on the basis of a stable balance of power in the region. Our partnership and alliance with Japan is central to our Asian policy. We are strengthening our new relationship with China. We have expanded our ties with the Association of South East Asian Nations ASEAN) and its member governments. My trip to the Far East helped forge closer working relationships with Japan and Korea. ASIAN SECURITY The balance of power is fundamental to Asian security. We have maintained that balance through a strong United States military posture in the region, as well as close ties with our allies, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and Korea. Over the past year I have worked to stabilize the United States military presence in Asia by ncluding an amended base agreement with the Philippines that will last until . We have fostered the closest degree of security operation with Japan in the history of our two nations-exemplified by joint planning for the defense of Japan, increased Japanese ntributions to United States base sts in Japan, and large-scale Japanese purchases of United States defense equipment. After examining in detail new intelligence estimates of North Korean military strength, I decided to maintain our troop strength in the Republic of Korea at its present level until at least . The reaffirmation of our mmitment to Korean security has been of great importance to the Koreans as they make necessary political adjustments in the wake of President Park's assassination. Response by nations in East Asia to the Soviet aggression in Afghanistan has been gratifying. Australia in particular deserves regnition for the forthright stand it has taken. Japan and the ASEAN nations have also been strongly supportive. CHINA Over the last year we have expanded our relationship with the People's Republic of China to ensure that where our interests incide, our separate actions will be mutually reinforcing. To this end we have enhanced our nsultative relationship. We have also sought to develop an enduring institutional framework in the enomic, cultural, scientific, and trade areas. This process has been facilitated by the successful visits of Vice Premier Deng to the United States and Vice President Mondale to China; through the signing of over mmercial, scientific, and cultural agreements; through numerous Cabinet-level visits; and through a significant expansion of trade and the flow of people between our two untries. During Secretary of Defense Brown's recent trip to the People's Republic of China, wide-ranging talks were held on global and regional issues, arms ntrol, technology transfer, and ways to sustain bilateral ntacts. Although we may differ with the Chinese on some issues, our views incide on many important issues, particularly with respect to the implications for the region of the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. In I look forward to passage by Congress early in the year of the China Trade Agreement and of authorization of OPIC operations in China; we plan to nclude civil aviation, maritime, and textile agreements; and ntinue to expand our mmercial, cultural, and scientific relations, particularly through ExImBank credits to the People's Republic of China. SOUTHEAST ASIA The untries mprising ASEAN are central to United States interests in Southeast Asia. Throughout the past year, our relations with ASEAN have ntinued to expand as our nsultative arrangements were strengthened. The stability and prosperity of Southeast Asia have been severely challenged by Soviet-supported Vietnamese aggression in Cambodia. During this year we will ntinue to enurage a political settlement in Cambodia which will permit that nation to be governed by leaders of its own choice. We have taken all prudent steps possible to deter Vietnamese attacks on Thai territory by increasing our support to the Thais, and by direct warnings to Vietnam and the U.S.S.R. The other members of ASEAN have stood firmly behind Thailand, and this in great measure has helped to ntain the nflict. We have been gratified by Thailand's urageous and humane acceptance of the Cambodian refugees. MIDDLE EAST—PERSIAN GULF—SOUTH ASIA Events in Iran and Afghanistan have dramatized for us the critical importance for American security and prosperity of the area running from the Middle East through the Persian Gulf to South Asia. This region provides two-thirds of the world's oil exports, supplying most of the energy needs of our allies in Europe and Japan. It has been a scene of almost nstant nflict between nations, and of serious internal instability within many untries. And now one of its nations has been invaded by the Soviet Union. We are dealing with these multiple challenges in a number of ways. MIDDLE EAST First, it has been a key goal of my Administration since to promote an enduring resolution of the Arab-Israeli nflict-which is so essential to bringing stability and peace to the entire region. Following the Camp David Summit of August , in March , I helped bring about the signing of a peace treaty between Egypt and Israel—the first time in years of Middle East nflict that peace had shined with such a bright and promising flame. At the historic signing ceremony at the White House, Prime Minister Begin and President Sadat repeated their Camp David pledge to work for full autonomy for the West Bank and Gaza. "Since then Egypt and Israel have been working to mplete this part of the Camp David framework and to provide an opportunity for the Palestinian people to participate in determining their future. I strongly support these efforts, and have pledged that we will be a full partner in the autonomy negotiations. We will ntinue to work vigorously for a mprehensive peace in the Middle East, building on the unprecedented achievements at Camp David.   At the same time, I have reinforced America's mmitment to Israel's security, and to the right of all nations in the area to live at peace with their neighbors, within secure and regnized frontiers." PERSIAN GULF In recent years as our own fuel imports have soared, the Persian Gulf has beme vital to the United States as it has been to many of our friends and allies. Over the longer term, the world's dependence on Persian Gulf oil is likely to increase. The denial of these oil supplies—to us or to others—would threaten our security and provoke an enomic crisis greater than that of the Great Depression years ago, with a fundamental change in the way we live. Twin threats to the flow of oil—from regional instability and now potentially from the Soviet Union—require that we firmly defend our vital interests when threatened. In the past year, we have begun to increase our capacity to project military power into the Persian Gulf region, and are engaged in explorations of increased use of military facilities in the area. We have increased our naval presence in the Indian Ocean. We have been working with untries in the region on shared security ncerns. Our rapid deployment forces, as described earlier, uld be used in support of friendly governments in the Gulf and Southwest Asian region, as well as in other areas. SOUTH ASIA The overwhelming challenge in this region will be dealing with the new situation posed by Soviet aggression in Afghanistan. We must help the regional states develop a capability to withstand Soviet pressures in a strengthened framework for operation in the region. We want to operate with all the states of the region in this regard—with India and Pakistan, with Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal. In this new situation, we are proposing to the Congress a military and enomic assistance program to enable Pakistan to buttress its defenses. This is a matter of the most urgent ncern, and I strongly urge the earliest possible approval by the House and Senate. We are also working closely with other friends of Pakistan to increase the resources available for Pakistan's development and security. We are also pursuing the possibility of gaining access to military facilities in the region in time of trouble. We are prepared to work closely with our friends in the region, on a operative basis, to do whatever is required to ensure that aggressors would bear heavy sts so that further aggression is deterred. A high priority for us in the region is to manage our nuclear ncerns with India and Pakistan in ways that are mpatible with our global and regional priorities. The changed security situation in South Asia arising from the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan calls for legislative action to allow renewed assistance to Pakistan. But this in no way diminishes our mmitment to work to prevent nuclear weapons proliferation, in Pakistan or elsewhere. Steady growth of our enomic assistance is also essential if the untries of South Asia are to achieve growth and true stability. AFRICA A peaceful transition to majority rule in Southern Africa ntinues to be a major goal of the United States, We gave our fullest support to the successful British drive to reach an agreement among all parties in Rhodesia. The process of implementation will not be easy, but the path is now open to a peaceful outme. With our European allies, Canada and the African states directly ncerned we also are making progress toward independence and majority rule for Namibia. The momentum resulting from successful resolution of the Rhodesian nflict should aid in these initiatives. Congressional support for the Executive Branch decision to maintain sanctions on Rhodesia until the parties reached agreement on a cease-fire and an impartial elections process had begun was instrumental in creating the nditions necessary for agreement. Now that the United States, European trading partners and the surrounding African states have lifted sanctions, the process of enomic renstruction in Rhodesia—soon to be Zimbabwe-can begin. With the creation of an independent Zimbabwe after many years of fighting, we will be prepared to operate in a herent multi-donor development plan for the poor nations in the Southern Africa region. Our active support for self-determination and racial equality in Southern Africa has enabled the United States to develop a ntinuing and effective dialogue with governments throughout the ntinent. As Africa grows more important to us for enomic, political and strategic reasons, we will be strengthening our ties of mutual interest with Africans. We will ntinue to participate in their first priority—enomic development—and to help Africans resolve their political problems and maintain stability in their ntinent. Whether in the Horn or in other areas of the ntinent, we will also provide to friendly nations security assistance when needed for defense of their borders. NORTH AFRICA In the United States moved to help a long-standing friend by strengthening our arms supply relationship with Moroc. In assisting Moroc to deal with attacks inside its internationally regnized frontiers, we seek nditions of greater security and nfidence in which a political settlement of the Western Sahara nflict can be effectively pursued. Though not itself a mediator, the United States in the months ahead will enurage the untries in the area to resolve their differences peacefully in order that the vast enomic potential of North Africa can be exploited for the well-being of the people living there. LATIN AMERICA Since my inauguration, I have worked hard to forge a new, llaborative relationship with the nations of Latin America and the Caribbean—one resting on a firm mmitment to human rights, democratization, enomic development and non-intervention. The events of —even the turbulence in Central America and the Caribbean—presented us with opportunities to move toward these goals. There was enuraging progress in the area of human rights and democratization in the Western Hemisphere this past year. The inauguration of a new democracy in Ecuador, and the strong effort by the Andean untries to preserve democracy in Bolivia were positive steps. During , I met with the President of Mexi twice to discuss the opportunities and difficult issues before our two untries. We have taken worthwhile steps, including an agreement on natural gas and on trade. On October , Vice President Mondale and many leaders from Latin America traveled to Panama to celebrate the ming into force of the Panama Canal Treaties. The transition to a new relationship and a new structure to manage the Canal was smooth and effective because of the ntributions and the mutual respect between Panamanians and Americans. The Vice President also traveled to Brazil and Venezuela. The Secretary of State met with leaders in Quito at the inauguration of the new democratic President of Ecuador and in LaPaz at the OAS General Assembly. These meetings have helped us to develop further the close nsultative ties which are so important to a free and balanced mmunity of nations in the hemisphere. Also, in , the United States moved to a much closer enomic and political relationship with the increasingly significant Andean Pact untries. A memorandum of understanding on enomic relations was signed in Washington in November. Central America and the Caribbean region are undergoing a period of rapid social and political change. There is a threat that intervention by Cuba may thwart the desire of the people of the region for progress within a democratic framework and we have been working closely with the governments in the region to try to aid in the developmental process of the region and are prepared to assist those threatened by outside intervention. The Caribbean Group, which is ordinated by the World Bank and which we helped establish, has now beme an important factor for development in the region, adding million in ncessionary resources to the region. We have increased our aid to the Caribbean, reprogrammed loans, and are seeking prompt Congressional action on a supplemental of million for Nicaragua and Central America. My Science Advisor, Dr. Frank Press, led a large delegation of scientists and educators to Barbados, Peru, Venezuela and Brazil to forge new and fruitful ties between our untries in important areas of science and technology. THE INTERNATIONAL ECONOMY A growing defense effort and a vigorous foreign policy rest upon a strong enomy here in the United States. And the strength of our own enomy depends upon our ability to lead and mpete in the international marketplace. ENERGY An essential lesson to be drawn from Iran is that there are mpelling foreign policy, as well as domestic enomic reasons for lessening our dependence on foreign oil. In response to a series of United States proposals, the industrial untries adopted in a operative energy strategy for the 's. Its main elements are llective restraint on oil imports; intensified efforts to nserve oil and boost production of nventional substitutes for oil; and llaborative research, development and mmercialization of new fuel technologies. At the Tokyo Enomic Summit in June, the heads of government of the seven major industrial democracies agreed that they must take responsibility for curbing oil demand. By the end of the year, industrialized nations, members of the International Energy Association, had agreed not only to enforce equitably allocated ceilings on their oil imports, but to create a system for quickly adjusting the ceilings to changes in world oil supply. Completion of the detailed agreements to execute the global oil demand-allocation process is at the head of the international energy agenda for . At the Enomic Summit in Venice, I intend to propose further joint action to smooth the transition from oil to more abundant fuels and to slow the growth in oil prices. In support of the international oil strategy, the Administration and the United States al industry are launching joint marketing efforts to make this untry a major exporter of steam al. With assurance of reliable United States al supply at mpetitive prices, many of the electric power plants to be built in the 's and 's can be al-fired rather than oilburning. Coal exports will help us pay for our declining but stly oil imports. "A new source of natural gas supply for the United States—Mexi—was opened through the nclusion of government-to-government negotiations. Through close operation with our northern neighbor, Canada, the Administration cleared the way for expanding the flow of Canadian natural gas to the United States and for private development of the Alaskan gas pipeline across Canada to the lower states.   We ntinue to believe that power will play an essential role in meeting the energy needs of many nations, but with effective safeguards against the proliferation of nuclear weapons." INTERNATIONAL MONETARY POLICY We are moving forcefully to establish the fundamental enomic nditions for a strong dollar. In the balance of payments was in approximate balance for the first time in three years, despite substantially higher oil import sts. Our anti-inflationary enomic policies and strong energy program should provide a basis for further improvement. Of urse the outme depends in part also upon responsible pricing behavior by OPEC and other oil producers. We support the efforts under way to strengthen the international monetary system. I urge the Congress to enact promptly legislation permitting the United States to increase its quota in the International Monetary Fund IMF) as part of the general expansion of Fund resources. We welme the measures being taken by the IMF to improve its ability to promote sound enomic and exchange rate policies in. all member untries. We also welme the study of the possible establishment of a substitution acunt" to strengthen the international monetary system by promoting the role of the Special Drawing Right as the principal reserve asset in the system. TRADE Under the direction of my Special Trade Representative, we brought to a successful nclusion the multilateral trade negotiations, the most ambitious set of negotiations to reduce barriers to international trade in a decade. The resulting MTN" agreements, vering a broad spectrum of trade issues, were ncluded and ratified by overwhelming majorities of the United States Congress. These binding mmitments, signed by all the major trading nations, provide the framework for a new era in international trading relations with them and with the developing nations. This makes clear my resolve and that of the American people to resist the dangers of protectionism. The reorganization of the Federal government trade agencies which I directed will assure more effective and prompt governmental action to exploit the export opportunities afforded by the MTN. The plan, approved by Congress this fall, establishes a strong, authoritative voice in the Executive Office of the President to provide herence and leadership to United States trade policy, negotiations, and the implementation of the MTN trade des. The reorganization establishes the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and strengthens the Commerce Department. SUGAR In , Congress ratified the International Sugar Agreement, thus fulfilling a major mmitment of this Administration. The agreement is an important element in our international mmodity policy with far-reaching implications for our relations with developing untries, particularly sugar producers in Latin America. This agreement and other measures my Administration has taken already have helped to stabilize sugar prices and bring high domestic prices into line with those prevailing in the world marketplace. Producers and nsumers alike will benefit from a more stable market for this essential mmodity. We need prompt enactment of implementing legislation for this agreement. TIN At year's end, Congress approved stockpile disposal legislation which will permit the General Services Administration to sell , metric tons of tin from our strategic stockpile and ntribute up to , metric tons to the International Tin Organization's ITO) buffer stock. This fulfills a United States pledge made during the Conference on International Enomic Cooperation and represents a major step forward in our relations with producing untries in the developing world. We will nsult with other members of the ITO to ensure that our tin disposals do not disrupt markets and take into acunt the needs of both producers and nsumers. COMMON FUND The United States joined members of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, both developed and developing nations, in negotiating an agreement on the framework of a Common Fund to help international mmodity agreements stabilize the prices of raw materials. Negotiations are now underway on the final articles of agreement of the Fund. The United States also participated in successful negotiations on an international rubber agreement. ECONOMIC COOPERATION WITH DEVELOPING NATIONS Our relations with the developing nations are of central importance to the United States. The fabric of our relations with these untries has both political and enomic dimensions, as we witnessed in recent weeks when nations of the Third World took the lead in ndemning the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Our ability to work together with developing nations toward goals we have in mmon-their political independence, the resolution of regional tensions, and our growing ties of trade for example—require us to maintain the policy of active engagement with the developing world that we have pursued over the past three years. The foreign assistance legislation which I will be submitting to you for FY provides the authority and the funds to carry on a operative relationship with a large number of developing nations. Prompt Congressional action on this legislation is essential in order to meet our treaty and base rights agreements, ntinue our peace efforts in the Middle East, provide enomic and development support to untries in need, promote progress on North-South issues, protect Western interests, and unter Soviet influence. We will also be asking Congress to enable us to honor our international agreements for multilateral assistance by authorizing and appropriating funds for the International Financial Institutions. Finally, the Administration and the Congress agreed in on fundamental changes in the way the United States government is organized to nduct enomic and technical relations with the developing nations. I submitted and the Congress approved a plan to nsolidate in a small policy-ordination body, the International Development Cooperation Agency IDCA responsibility for direct United States development assistance, for guidance to United States representatives in multilateral development agencies, and for presenting our long-term development interests in Federal government policy bodies dealing with trade and other enomic relations with developing nations. I also submitted, and the House approved in the session of Congress, a plan to establish the Institute for Scientific and Technological Cooperation ISTC a nstituent element of the IDCA group of agencies. Once approved, the ISTC will carry out research as well as support research by foreign scientists on technological means of reducing poverty in developing nations. FOOD—THE WAR ON HUNGER One of the main enomic problems facing developing untries is lagging food production. We must help these untries meet this problem—not only so that their peoples will be free from the threat of ntinuing hunger, but also so that their societies will be strong enough to resist external pressure. I have directed that United States bilateral and multilateral aid be geared increasingly to this goal, as remmended by our Hunger Commission, chaired by Sol Linowitz; we are urging other donor untries to join in more effective efforts to this end. Good progress has been made since the Tokyo Enomic Summit called for increased effort on this front. The World Bank is giving this problem top priority, as are some other donor untries. The resources of the nsultative Group on International Agricultural Research will be doubled over a five-year period. The work of our own Institute of Scientific and Technological Cooperation will further strengthen the search for relevant new agricultural technologies. The goal of freeing the world from hunger by the year should mmand the full support of all untries. THE HUMAN DIMENSION OF FOREIGN POLICY HUMAN RIGHTS The ultimate aim of our foreign policy must be to preserve freedom for ourselves and to expand freedom for others. This is a matter both of national principle and of national interest. For we believe that free and open societies are not only better able to meet the rising expectations of their people; they are also better able to acmmodate often nflicting internal pressures before popular frustrations explode in violent and radical directions. We do not seek to impose our system or institutions on others. Rather, we seek to support, in practical and ncrete ways, the efforts of other nations to build their own institutions in ways that will meet the irrepressible human drive for freedom and justice. Human rights policy mmands the strong support of our citizens, and of the Congress. The world climate increasingly favors human rights progress. Despite new turbulence and nflict, the past year featured some enuraging positive developments. We cannot and should not claim credit for them. But it is clear that we are part of a growing movement. During , we saw: —The further strengthening of democratic practices in Spain and Portugal, with free elections in both untries; —The disappearance of several of the world's most repressive regimes; —The freeing of political prisoners in Asia, Africa, and Latin America; —A return to democratic rule in several Latin American untries and widespread progress in reducing human rights violations in the region; —The growing strength of international human rights institutions. The Inter-American Court of Human Rights held its first meeting. Preparations began for another nference to review mpliance with the Helsinki acrds, to be held in Madrid this November. The OAU took long strides toward establishing a human rights mmission for Africa. UN bodies became increasingly active in their human rights efforts. The United States is still not a party to the key human rights treaties that establish world standards and implementing machinery. In early , I sent for Senate approval four such treaties, the American Convention on Human Rights, the Convention on Racial Discrimination, and the UN Covenants on Civil and Political Rights and on Enomic and Social and Cultural Rights. Hearings were held in . No single action by this untry would do more to advance the cause of human rights than Senate approval of these instruments and a fifth human rights treaty sent to Congress previously, the Genocide Convention. I urge the earliest possible Senate action. HUMANITARIAN AID The mass exodus of refugees from Vietnam reached a crescendo in summer with over , people a month fleeing repression and enomic privation. Most fled by boat, and many were lost at sea. In July, at a special UN meeting on refugees, Vice President Mondale presented a major United States program to rescue and help support and resettle the new refugee population. I doubled to , a month the number of Indochinese refugees the United States, in acrd with our finest traditions, would absorb over the year ahead. The Vietnamese invasion of Kampuchea in late gravely jeopardized the supply of food for the already decimated and brutalized Khmer people. In October, I announced that the United States would pay one-third of the sts of the international relief program mounted jointly by UNICEF and the International Committee of the Red Cross. Leaders of thirtyfive church and voluntary agencies, with White House enuragement, are engaged in their own large fund-raising program for refugees. In early November, Mrs. Carter visited refugees on the Thai-Cambodian border and reported back to me, the United States voluntary agencies, and the American people. In response, our efforts to avert a mass famine were accelerated. The obstacles remain daunting—ntinued warfare and aggression by Vietnam, non-distribution by the Phnom Penh authorities of much of the UNICEF-ICRC aid, movement of up to , hungry Khmer to and across the Thai border where they can be fed and helped. But Americans will ntinue their efforts both public and private to avert the famine that looms. New help for our efforts will me from the National Committee formed in early by leading citizens to help in mobilizing and supporting the sustained effort essential to achieve this humanitarian goal. As the year began, we are also nsidering new means of helping, through our ntribution to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees and in other ways, the mounting Afghan refugee population in Pakistan and other desperate refugee situations such as Somalia. It cannot be ignored that the destructive and aggressive policies of the Soviet Union have added immeasurably to the suffering in these three tragic situations. I have asked the heads of the appropriate departments of the Executive Branch to play an active role in the Select Commission on Immigration and Refugee Policy to formulate a new approach to deal with sensitivity with the difficult subject of people arriving on our shores from Latin America. My meeting with Pope John Paul II during his historic and unprecedented visit to the United States helped raise the world's nsciousness in nnection with pressing problems of famine, homelessness, and human rights. Our talks spurred positive action in many of these areas, notably Indochina, and set the stage for further action in . THE CONTROL OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS Together with our friends and allies, we are striving to build a world in which peoples with diverse interests can live freely and prosper. But all that humankind has achieved to date, all that we are seeking to acmplish, and human existence itself can be undone in an instant—in the catastrophe of a nuclear war. Thus one of the central objectives of my Administration has been to ntrol the proliferation of nuclear weapons to those nations which do not have them, and their further development by the existing nuclear powers—notably the Soviet Union and the United States. NON-PROLIFERATION I entered office mmitted to assert American leadership in stemming the proliferation of nuclear weapons—which uld create fundamental new instabilities in critical regions of the world, and threaten the security of the United States. This should not and cannot be done unilaterally. The operation of other suppliers of nuclear technology and materials is needed. This issue must not beme a North-South nfrontation. We have been proceeding on a number of fronts: —We have been seeking to enurage nations to accede to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, or to accept full-spe international safeguards. The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act calls for such safeguards in nnection with United States nuclear exports. —The International Nuclear Fuel Cycle Evaluation INFCE) has demonstrated that suppliers and recipients can work together. Its results will be published in a month. While differences remain, it will provide a broader international basis for national decisions which must balance energy needs with non-proliferation ncerns. —Finally, we are working to enurage regional operation and restraint. Protol I of the Treaty of Tlatelol which will ntribute to the lessening of nuclear dangers for our Latin American neighbors has not yet been ratified by the United States Senate. Working together with the Congress, I remain mmitted to the vigorous pursuit of our non-proliferation objectives. LIMITATIONS ON STRATEGIC ARMS The most prominent of our nuclear arms ntrol efforts is, of urse, SALT II. The signing of the Treaty brought to an end painstaking negotiations carried out under three administrations of both parties. —SALT II is in our mutual interest; it is neither an American favor to the Soviet Union nor a Soviet favor to the United States. —Ratification of the SALT II Treaty would represent a major step forward in restraining the ntinued growth of Soviet strategic forces. "Because SALT II reduces superpower mpetition in its most dangerous manifestation, this Treaty is the single most important bilateral acrd of the decade:   —SALT II will permit us better to maintain strategic equivalence in nuclear weapons and devote our defense increases more heavily to our highest priority needs for nventional force improvements;   —Without it, the Soviets can add more power to their forces and better nceal from us what they are doing;   —Without SALT II, and the beginning of SALT III, deeper cuts would take many more years to achieve;   —Without SALT II, our efforts to ntrol the proliferation of nuclear weapons will be more difficult." I believe that the Senate will ratify SALT II because the Treaty is, in its simplest terms, in the interest of our Nation's security. But I do not believe it advisable at this time to bring up the Treaty for nsideration on the Senate floor. The Congress and the Executive Branch must first deal with the pressing matters arising from the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. CONCLUSION As we enter the decade of the 's, we face challenges both at home and abroad which will test our qualities as a people—our toughness and willingness to sacrifice for larger goals, our urage and our vision. For this Nation to remain secure, for this untry to prosper, we must rise above narrow interests. The dangers of disunity are self-evident in a world of major power nfrontation. The rewards of a new national nsensus and sense of purpose are equally clear. We have new support in the world for our purposes of national independence and individual human dignity. We have a new will at home to do what is required to keep us the strongest nation on earth. We must move together into this decade with the strength which mes from realization of the dangers before us and from the nfidence that together we can overme them. "JIMMY CARTER   The White House,   January , ." My State of the Union Address was devoted to what I believe are the highest priorities facing our Nation in as we seek to build a new foundation at home and abroad. However, my Administration's time and effort this year will also be focused on a significant number of other important initiatives and goals. I am sending this State of the Union Message so that the Members of the th Congress are presented with a full picture of my basic legislative program in domestic and foreign affairs for the year. Over the past two years, my Administration has developed a very operative relationship with the Congress. That relationship not only resulted in the extraordinarily productive rerd of the th Congress, but will provide the foundation for a renewed sense of trust and nfidence by the American people in their government. We have an enviable rerd to match. But with your help, the th Congress can meet this challenge. My Administration and I are eager to help in the effort. Our basic goals will be to ntinue working with you to build solid foundations for the next century—a solid enomic foundation of stable prices and ntinued growth—a solid foundation for a more efficient, less intrusive Federal government—a solid foundation for world peace and American security. "FOUNDATION FOR PROGRESS   When I took office two years ago, the untry faced serious domestic problems: the enomy had not revered from a recession;" • unemployment was intolerably high at . with / million Americans out of work; • the Nation had no sound energy policy and oil imports were rising rapidly; • the Federal government was operating inefficiently in numerous vital areas; trust in the openness and integrity of the government was low; • major social problems were being ignored or inadequately addressed by the Federal government. In the ensuing two years, we have tackled these problems head-on. While problems cannot be solved overnight, real progress has been made: • the enomy has strengthened—real Gross National Product has increased % and real disposable personal inme has increased .%; • the unemployment rate has decreased by % since my election, from nearly % to .%; . million new jobs have been created; total employment has reached a rerd of . million; • a mprehensive national energy, policy has been enacted and a Department of Energy created to help implement it; • the first major reform of Civil Service System in nearly a century was enacted; reorganization plans have been approved and implemented; the Federal paperwork burden has been reduced by %; inspectors general are being placed in departments and agencies to help root out fraud and abuse; zero-based budgeting practices have been instituted throughout the government; several hundred million dollars have been saved through sound cash management reforms; regulations are being written in simple English, and a Regulatory Council has been established to develop the Nation's first regulatory calendar and agenda; • a renewed sense of nfidence and faith in the government is gradually being restored; • long-ignored domestic problems have been attacked aggressively: the Nation's first urban policy was developed and its implementation begun; the Social Security System was refinanced to assure its long run solvency; the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act was passed; aid to education has been expanded by %; and a welfare reform program was developed and debated in Congress and will serve as a foundation for our efforts this year to overhaul the welfare system; • cumbersome regulatory apparatus which deters mpetition in our enomy was dismantled by the deregulation of the airline industry. DOMESTIC POLICY PRIORITIES Over the next year, our domestic program will ncentrate on further developing a new foundation for progress in each of several areas: • restraining inflation, while ntinuing to pursue our employment and other enomic and budgetary goals; • making government more efficient and effective; • enhancing basic human and social needs; • protecting and enhancing our rights and liberties; and • preserving and developing our natural resources. INFLATION My Administration's major domestic priority is to reduce the rate of inflation, while maintaining enomic growth. That is clearly the major domestic ncern of the American people, and it is the problem they are looking to us to help solve. Inflation places a cruel burden on the poor and on those on fixed inmes. It serves as a disincentive to investment. It threatens our ntinued enomic growth and job creation. This is more than an enomic challenge. Inflation is the persistent, historic enemy of a free society. It saps our nfidence and faith in the future. It undermines our trust. I am determined to meet the challenge now before us. Last October I announced an anti-inflation program which can aid significantly in the effort to reduce inflation. It is a tough and responsible voluntary program. Throughout this year, we will be working to implement our anti-inflation program. Part of the program requires new legislation, and we intend to work closely with you in developing and enacting that legislation. The effort to reduce inflation will be one of the most difficult battles our government has undertaken in many years. But it is not a battle we can afford to lose. Government cannot solve the problem of inflation alone. But we can and must lead the way. With your operation, we can and will win. The Budget In announcing my anti-inflation program last year, I made a mmitment to the American people to reduce the budget deficit for fiscal year to billion or less. The budget I submitted to the Congress honors that mmitment. The FY budget projects a deficit of billion, which is less than half the deficit the Nation had when I ran for office and represents the smallest budget deficit in the last six fiscal years. The FY budget has . billion in projected budget outlays, which is an increase of only .% above the previous year. That is the smallest annual increase in Federal spending in the last seven years. The . billion spending total also means that we will be meeting my goal of reducing Federal spending to about % of Gross National Product one year ahead of schedule. The decisions I had to make in restraining spending were difficult. But if we are to succeed in breaking the back of inflation, Federal spending must be restrained to set an example for the private sector. If there were easier solutions, they would have been taken by now. Finally, I want to emphasize that my FY budget does not neglect the basic needs of the disadvantaged, the poor, and the unemployed. For instance, the budget will provide . billion in increased assistance to the poor. It also will provide a total of . billion for adult and youth employment and training programs, which will be especially targeted to the disadvantaged and long-term unemployed. Moreover there are significant increases for education programs for the disadvantaged and a new fiscal assistance program for our Nation's cities. In short, this budget is austere, but it also maintains our mmitment to help those in our untry who most need it. Hospital Cost Containment One of my highest legislative priorities for this year is hospital st ntainment. It will be one of the clearest tests of the seriousness of the Congress in dealing with the problem of inflation. Clearly the most inflationary part of health care sts in recent years has been in the hospital industry. Last year, hospital charges grew at the rate of about percent. Experience in several States has shown that through programs such as the one I will propose, hospitals can save money and reduce sts through sound st ntainment practices. I expect to shortly propose hospital st ntainment legislation which will build on the proposal passed last year by the Senate. Real Wage Insurance I have proposed to the Congress a real wage insurance program to protect employee groups that mply with the % voluntary wage standard against losses in purchasing power if inflation exceeds %. If inflation exceeds these employees will receive a tax refund equal to their inme up to , times the difference between the actual inflation rate up to %) and %. This program will give workers a strong enomic incentive to operate with the voluntary pay standards I have established, thereby helping to break the wage/price spiral that is at the root of the current persistent inflation. This is a novel approach to the inflation problem. The persistence of high inflation for the past ten years makes clear that new solutions are needed. Innovative approaches must be added to the arsenal if we are to break the back of inflation. Real wage insurance represents the type of innovative approach which is required: it will provide a significant tax benefit for those working people who participate in helping to reduce the inflationary cycle, but without raising taxes for anyone else. My administration intends to work very closely with Congress in developing and enacting a real wage insurance law. Voluntary Pay and Price Standards It is vital that our program of voluntary pay-price standards succeed. At stake is the reduced rate of inflation that all Americans demand and deserve. The operation of business and labor is obviously essential, and we have already had clear evidence of their willingness to join in this effort. I have already received assurance from over of the Nation's largest rporations that they will mply with the standards. And just recently the Oil, Chemical, and Atomic Workers Union reached agreement on a ntract with the major refineries that met the pay standards. Throughout this year the pay and price standards will ntinually be tested. Your operation in enuraging voluntary mpliance can help ensure the standards' success. The Administration will keep the Congress fully informed and involved as we work to implement this program. State and Local Governments If we are to succeed in our anti-inflation efforts, the operation and active participation of State and local governments is essential. We will soon announce a program which actively involves the Governors, Mayors, County Executives, and other local officials in a mprehensive approach to restrain inflationary pressures within their ntrol. The Necessities In recent years, the greatest inflationary burden on the working men and women has involved necessities of life food, energy, housing, and medical care. An effective anti-inflation program must involve a series of ncerted attacks on the sources of rising prices in these vital sectors. In each of these areas, the Administration has established task forces to identify existing government policies that unreasonably inflate prices, and to suggest actions that can be taken, at both national and local levels, to mbat inflation. In these efforts we will work directly with Congress, State and local governments, and nsumer groups. Multilateral Trade Negotiations MTN) I have already notified the Congress that we expect to sign and submit for Congressional approval a set of trade agreements which we will reach in the Tokyo Round of the Multilateral Trade Negotiations. With these agreements, we expect to achieve major reductions in tariff and nontariff barriers to international trade. These agreements will: —lead to increased opportunities for U.S. exports; —ensure that import mpetition is fair; and —result in lower prices, increased mpetition, and greater prosperity for the American people. Passage of the MTN will be one of my highest legislative priorities this year. It is critical to the health of our domestic and of the world enomy. Countervailing Duties I have recently sent to the Congress a message urging prompt passage of legislation permitting the waiver of the imposition of untervailing duties on certain imported products. Passage is essential to the successful mpletion of the Multilateral Trade Negotiations, and therefore, should be one of Congress' highest priorities at the beginning of this session. Exports The United States has entered a period where export growth is essential to improve our balance of payments, strengthen the dollar, and thereby help reduce inflationary pressures. To do this, both the private sector and the Federal government must place a higher priority on exports. With the National Export Policy I announced last year, we are moving to meet this need. First, we are working to reduce domestic barriers to exports so that exporters are not stifled by excessive governmental regulation. Send, we are providing further incentives in the form of better export financing and better government export development programs. Third, we are working with our trading partners in the Multilateral Trade Negotiations to reduce foreign barriers to our exports and to secure a fairer international trading system for all exporters. These actions should expand our exports in and help us move toward a reduced trade deficit, although they will not cure our serious balance of trade difficulties overnight. They are the first steps in an essential, long-term effort to strengthen the U.S. position in world trade, while reaffirming the Nation's mmitment to maintain an open world trading system and to resist protectionism. Council on Wage and Price Stability The Council on Wage and Price Stability is playing a vital role in our anti-inflation efforts. The Council and its staff have the lead responsibility within the Executive Branch for implementing the voluntary wage and price standards that I have announced. Without the Council's ntinuing role, the anti-inflation effort would have a very slim chance of succeeding. I therefore believe it is essential that the Council, along with its staff operation, be reauthorized early this year with the additional staff I will request to handle the enormous volume of work under my anti-inflation program. The reauthorization should not ntain amendments that interrupt or restrain the necessary work of the Council or its staff. EMPLOYMENT The Administration, working closely with Congress, has made significant progress over the last two years in reducing unemployment and creating new jobs: • The December unemployment rate of .% represents almost a % reduction from the December, rate. • . million more people have jobs than they did before the beginning of the Administration. This increase exceeds the employment growth in any other two-year period since World War II. • Total employment has reached an all-time high of . million. • Over the past two years black employment is up by %; and black teenage employment is up by .%; adult female employment has increased by .%; teenage employment overall has increased by %. Although progress has been made, unemployment remains unacceptably high for these groups. And in inner-city areas unemployment remains much too high for all workers. Last year, which ended with the lowest unemployment rate in years, a framework for ntinued progress into the next decade was established: • the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act CETA) was reauthorized at high levels for four more years; • the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act became law after many years of effort; • the Administration's demonstration youth programs were extended for two more years; • a new partnership between the government and the private sector to assist the unemployed was approved by Congress with the passage of a new Title of CETA—the Private Sector Initiatives Program; the targeted jobs tax credit, to enurage private employees to hire our poor young people and others who are hard to employ; and an expanded tax credit for mothers on welfare. In this framework will help us ntinue to improve the employment prospects for America's workers. We especially want to improve the targeting of job creation programs to those who most need these opportunities and to improve the quality of the training and employment assistance for the poor, blacks, Hispanics, youth and women. We expect to achieve these goals through a number of actions: First, we will ntinue working toward achievement of the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act goals. We will provide an average of , CETA public jobs, and shift many of them to the longterm or structurally" unemployed. We will ntinue to search for the most promising ways to reduce the structural unemployment that denies many the opportunity for full participation in American life. Send, we will begin implementing the new Private Sector programs, including establishment of Private Industry Councils in mmunities throughout the untry, to enurage business to hire the hard-re unemployed. I am proposing to Congress that this effort be supported at a level of million this year. Third, we will ntinue our special efforts to provide jobs and training programs for young workers in operation with mmunity-based organizations and the private sector. We must meet our responsibility to provide opportunities for young Americans to learn to work. Fourth, we will take steps to improve the management and delivery of employment and training services. I will seek a reform of the Wagner-Peyser Act, which authorizes the U.S. Employment Service, to integrate that program more effectively into our employment and training system. My Administration will also implement the CETA amendments, which establish practices and procedures to improve the quality of programs, provide better management and prevent fraud and abuse. MAKING GOVERNMENT MORE EFFICIENT AND EFFECTIVE The American people are demanding a Federal government which is effective and efficient. For the past two years, I have worked toward that goal by reorganizing and reforming the government's operation and by unvering and removing fraud, waste and abuse. Real progress has been made. But the government is still not operating as mpetently as I want or the American people deserve. In , we must build on the base of the last two years to provide our people with the type of government they deserve. Your help in this effort is essential. We have already begun to build a new foundation of government efficiency and we will do more in the year ahead. Reorganization We have begun to reorganize the government through the creation of a Cabinet-level Department of Energy and the changes resulting from the six reorganization plans approved by Congress over the past two years. Those plans helped to reshape and improve the operation of the Executive Office of the President, the international cultural and mmunications agencies, emergency preparedness agencies, the equal employment opportunity enforcement agencies, the Civil Service Commission, and the administration of the Employee Retirement Inme Security Act. I will again propose to the Congress that a Cabinet-level Department of Education be created. This will be a very high priority of this Administration. Education issues deserve far more attention and more acuntable management than they can receive in a department as large and mplex as HEW. The department would provide a Cabinet-level official devoting full-time attention to education and reporting directly to me. It will also enable the Federal government to be a more responsive and reliable partner with States, localities, and private institutions which have primary responsibility for education. I will also be proposing to Congress reorganization plans involving enomic development and the management of our natural resources development, and will intensively study possible reorganizations in the areas of surface transportation, the Selective Service system and the Alaska natural gas pipeline. The natural resources and enomic development reorganizations involve areas where overlap, duplication and unclear authority have hamstrung our efforts. Reorganization here can save money and people. We will be nsulting closely with Congress over the next several weeks before submitting these reorganization plans. Regulatory Reform Last year we took major steps toward reform of the Federal regulatory system, ranging from improved regulation writing to saving hundreds of millions of dollars through improved cash management techniques. The dramatic reductions in airline prices that occurred when Congress joined with us to lift the heavy hand of Federal regulation illustrate the advantages of letting the mpetitive market, rather than government, ntrol industry performance. The public will benefit similarly through improved service, increased mpetition, and lower Federal expenditures, if we reform Federal regulation of surface transportation. I will send to Congress shortly a Surface Transportation Reform Message dealing with the rail, inter-city bus, and trucking industries. In I used my authority as Chief Executive to improve the management of the Federal regulatory process. I issued Executive Order , setting standards to ensure that each Executive Branch regulatory agency facilitates public, participation and avoids needless sts. A regulatory analysis program was established under an inter-agency Regulatory Analysis Review Group to help ensure that major new regulations are as st-effective as possible. The Executive Order also established procedures for all Executive Branch agencies to nduct sunset reviews to reevaluate outdated regulations and remove them from the books wherever warranted. Finally, I created a Regulatory Council mposed of the Executive Branch regulatory agencies, with voluntary participation by independent agencies, to develop a calendar of all major Federal regulations to be issued or proposed in . The Nation's first Regulatory Calendar will be published next month and will be used to eliminate duplication, overlap, and innsistent practices. This year I will propose to Congress a number of legislative actions that can be taken to improve the regulatory process. They will include improvements in specific regulatory programs, as well as a Regulatory Reform Act so that no regulation can be issued unless it is genuinely required, and unless it gets the job done with maximum efficiency and minimum paperwork, sts, and other burdens. The quality of regulations can also be improved by providing opportunities for all interested parties to participate in regulatory proceedings. Public involvement should be enhanced by providing financial assistance to those whose participation is limited by their enomic circumstances. While many agencies have inherent authority to fund participation, we will seek legislation to specifically authorize these programs. While I will propose a wide-ranging legislative program, I will ntinue to oppose the legislative veto. This approach is unnstitutional; it increases uncertainty and delay; and it deflects attention from the real solutions. None of our actions in this area will be taken at the expense of my deep personal mmitment to protect health and safety in the environment, the workplace, the highway, and nsumer products; and to prevent deception and unfairness to nsumers. My regulatory reform program will help make needed programs work better, st less, and gain support among all sectors of our society. Civil Service and Pay Reform Enactment of the Civil Service Reform Act of by the th Congress represented one of the finest examples of operation between the Legislative and Executive Branches in recent times. That effort showed a determination to respond to the clear public desire to improve the management of the Federal bureaucracy. Implementation of the Reform Act is well under way. The Office of Personnel Management, the Merit System Protection Board, and the Federal Labor Relations Authority authorized by the Act have been established. In addition, the heads of the Federal departments and agencies have moved promptly to implement the new personnel procedures that will permit a better motivated and more effective civil service. However, other improvements in management of the government's work force are needed. Our white llar, blue llar, and military systems must be reformed in order to make certain that we neither overpay nor underpay Federal employees. Therefore, I will propose Federal pay reform legislation vering each of these systems to the Congress that is equitable to Federal employees and the public. These pay reforms are an important follow-on to our civil service reform. Public Financing The time is long overdue for reforming the way Congressional elections are financed. The current flood of money threatens to pervert our electoral process. We can no longer permit our elections to be open to the highest bidder. The recent elections have clearly demonstrated the kinds of problems caused by unntrolled campaign spending. It is time to adopt public financing for Congressional elections-before it is too late. Public financing operated successfully in the last Presidential election, and it can do the same in Congressional races. My Administration will work with Congress for passage of a sound Congressional public financing law. Sunset My Administration will again work with the Congress to enact a sound sunset bill. Under such a bill, each Federal program would have to be carefully re-examined on a periodic basis to determine whether its ntinued existence is justified. Through such a procedure, the American people can be assured that unnecessary government programs and agencies will be ended, rather than ntinued through the force of inertia; and other programs and agencies will be improved. There are few more important building-stones to the new foundation of government efficiency we seek than passage of sunset legislation. It goes to the heart of making government work. Lobby Reform The American people have a right to know what significant influences affect their national legislature. The proliferation of well financed, organizational lobbying activities during recent years has demonstrated the clear need for reform of the outdated and ineffective lobby disclosure law now in effect. This year my Administration will ntinue to work with Congress to pass a sound lobby law reform bill—one that respects the First Amendment right of all Americans and minimizes paperwork burdens, yet allows meaningful disclosures. Waste, Fraud, and Inefficiency Although the vast majority of Federal employees are able, honest and hardworking, we need to ntinue to be vigilant to ensure that the taxpayers' dollars are not wasted through fraud or abuse. The implementation of civil service reform will lead to improvements in agency management practices and program efficiency. In addition, I am mmitted to ntinuing to cut excess paperwork, simplify grants requirements, and evaluate our programs better and more frequently. We have already significantly reduced the paperwork burden and implemented many of the remmendations of the Federal Paperwork Commission. We will ntinue to do more in . Early this year I will nominate highly qualified Inspectors General armed with tough new powers to prevent waste and rruption. The Justice Department will increase its already intensive effort to prosecute those few employees and ntractors who abuse the public trust. In addition, a new Office of Ethics in the Office of Personnel Management and a Special Counsel in the Merit System Protection Board will help ensure the integrity of the Federal work force and protect its members from political abuse. State and Local Government Relations As the first President in more than thirty years to be elected immediately after service as a Governor, I have made relations with State and local government a high priority of my Administration. During my first two years in office, we have strengthened the Federal system significantly. We have involved the Federal Regional Directors in the management of the government and have reinvigorated the Federal Regional Councils. As a result, the Federal government is now able to respond better and more quickly to State and local needs. In addition, we have involved State and local officials in the development of our policies to a greater degree than any previous Administration. Since , Federal grants-in-aid to State and local governments have increased to more than billion per year, percent above the level of aid when I first took office. Progress has also been made towards my goal of giving Governors, Mayors, and unty officials more flexibility in managing Federal programs. The Federal government is now taking seriously, for the first time, the burdens and sts we impose on State and local governments and all taxpayers when we legislate and regulate from the Federal level. In this time of limited budget resources we must achieve more st-effective management of Federal resources and place greater reliance on the experience, knowledge, and ability of State and local governments. In the future, we must attempt to limit the imposition of new sts on State and local governments, and to avoid where possible prescribing every detail of how they administer Federal programs. We must work together to identify specific ways in which more flexibility can be given to State, city, and unty officials in the administration of Federal programs without mpromising the national purposes that each program is designed to serve. Transportation In we shall ntinue the effort begun in the th Congress to reduce the regulatory burden on the Nation's transportation industry. Our proposals for surface transportation deregulation will build upon the principles of increased mpetition that have proven successful for the airline industry. Shortly, I will propose broad legislation which begins to deregulate the railroad industry. Regulatory reform is a crucial first step toward revitalizing this important transportation mode. In addition, I will also be proposing significant reductions in the regulation of inter-city bus transportation and certain regulatory changes in the trucking area. We are also mmitted to improving the level of safety for our transportation industry. As part of this effort, we intend vigorously to pursue legislation improving equipment and nditions affecting truck drivers, and giving stronger enforcement authority to Federal agencies. My forthming Surface Transportation Regulatory Reform Message will provide the details of these proposals. Finally, I will propose overdue changes in the Nation's maritime policies. We must improve the ability of our Merchant Marine to win a fair share of our cargo. No-Fault The Administration will ntinue to support legislation to establish Federal minimum standards for state no-fault automobile mpensation systems. No-fault systems have proven to be far more efficient in delivering benefits to the victims of automobile accidents than the current tort system, and they also provide greater opportunities to ordinate and reduce overall insurance sts. Too great a percentage of the premiums paid by policy-holders goes for the administration of the current wasteful tort liability system. No-fault would save money and urt-time. It deserves Congressional support. Consumer Representation My Administration has developed new procedures that will set standards and assess performance for effective public representation within government agencies. These procedures are designed not only to improve the delivery of government services to our citizens, but also to enhance the awareness of government to the health, safety, and enomic ncerns of all nsumers. In , we will direct adequate resources to these procedures, which include mplaint handling, training and technical assistance for nsumer organizations, advocacy, nsumer education and information, and citizen participation. LEAA Last year I proposed legislation which would institute significant and long-overdue changes in the structure and programs of the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration. The LEAA has the potential to improve and strengthen State and local law criminal justice programs, but in its present form it has fallen far short of its potential. My Administration will work with the Congress again this year to reform this framework, which includes a National Institute of Justice to enable us to obtain better information and research about crime problems. Once the legislation is enacted, we will make certain that the new agency is efficiently carrying out its mission of providing meaningful Federal law enforcement assistance. Judgeships Last year my Administration worked closely with the Congress to enact legislation creating the additional Federal judgeships needed to reduce our urt's backlogs and delays. As a result, I will soon be nominating new Federal judges—the largest addition to the Federal judiciary in our history. Some of these judges will still be serving in the next century. I am determined to nominate judges of the highest quality; our Federal judiciary must be selected on the basis of merit. I am also determined to increase the low representation on the Federal bench of women, blacks, Hispanics, and other minorities. These goals are within our reach, if we work together operatively and regnize the importance our untry places in the selection of these new judges. Judicial Reform Because our Federal urts do not function as well as we have the right to expect, my Administration has made judicial reform one of its goals. During , Congress took major steps toward alleviating the problem by increasing substantially the number of Federal judges and by adopting numerous substantive and procedural reforms in the handling of bankruptcy matters. Other judicial reforms remain to be made. Some, such as expanding the authority of magistrates and curtailing diversity jurisdiction, were proposed to the last Congress. I will shortly send a message to the Congress urging prompt action on these and several additional proposals designed to improve the responsiveness and efficiency of our system of justice. They merit the attention and approval of the Congress. In addition, as was indicated in my Consumer Message to Congress, the Administration will ntinue to support reform of class action procedures. Reform legislation should seek to ease unnecessary burdens and sts of class actions, while at the same time preventing them from being used in a harassing manner. Antitrust Enforcement and Competition Free enterprise and mpetition, protected by the antitrust laws, are the central organizing principles of our enomic system. Competition produces powerful incentives for innovation and efficiency, fights inflation, and enhances nsumer welfare. Strict enforcement of our antitrust laws are critical to the health of mpetition and the Nation's enomy. Several important strides were made last year in improving antitrust enforcement. In , the urts imposed over million in rporate fines for antitrust violations and imprisoned individuals for antitrust violations. These fines and sentences are significantly larger than in past years, and are nsistent with my strong mmitment to vigorous antitrust enforcement. Last year I appointed the National Commission for the Review of Antitrust Laws and Procedures to suggest ways of expediting antitrust cases and making relief more effective. Its members have recently reported to me, and we will work closely with the Congress and the Judicial Conference to implement many of its remmendations. Similar progress in improving the effectiveness of antitrust enforcement can be made in the th Congress. I ntinue to support legislation to allow those who are injured by antitrust violations to rever damages from the antitrust violator, whether the injured person is a direct or indirect purchaser. Under the Supreme Court's decision in the Illinois Brick Case only direct purchasers may rever, even though they may have passed on the injury to nsumers, who are prevented from suing. This decision undercuts state and private enforcement of the antitrust laws, reduces their deterrent effect, may ntribute to higher prices, and often allows the violator to keep his gain at the expense of the injured nsumer. This needed legislation would overturn that decision. Banking I anticipate receiving shortly the remmendations of the Administration's Task Force studying Regulation Q and the system of deposit interest rate ntrols, and I expect to make remmendations based upon the Task Force's findings. My Administration remains supportive of Congressional action to deal with the need to halt the ntinuing attrition in the percentage of bank deposits subject to the reserve requirements of the Federal Reserve System. Carryover Basis Carryover basis was one of the most important reforms passed by Congress in the Tax Reform Act of . This reform would add substantial equity to our tax laws and greater efficiency to our capital markets. The carryover basis reform has the effect of ending a situation in which many of our wealthiest taxpayers uld permanently escape paying inme tax on their gains from inherited property. Unfortunately, the effective date has been delayed until the end of . My Administration will strongly oppose any efforts to repeal this reform or further delay its implementation. ENHANCING BASIC HUMAN AND SOCIAL NEEDS In the years immediately preceding my Administration, too many of our Nation's basic human and social needs were being ignored or handled insensitively by the Federal government. Over the past two years, we have significantly increased funding for many of the vital programs in these areas; developed new programs where needs were unaddressed; targeted Federal support to those individuals and areas most in need of our assistance; and removed barriers that unnecessarily kept many disadvantaged citizens from obtaining aid for their most basic needs. The progress over the past two years has noticeably moved us forward toward building a new foundation to solve some of the untry's fundamental human and social problems. My Administration has vastly expanded assistance in the last twenty-four months in areas of employment, education, housing, mmunity and enomic development and health care, which represent an improvement for the American people. The rerd of the past two years demonstrates that government can meet our citizens' basic human and social needs in a mpassionate way. No longer can there be any doubt that the government is able to treat Americans' problems with sensitivity. In the ming fiscal year, budget restraints make it more difficult to expand funding significantly for many major domestic programs, though some programs will be increased. We will ntinue to make existing social programs work more effectively; to reduce the waste and fraud and excess bureaucracy which drains tax dollars intended to meet basic human needs. In a period of austerity, efficiency is itself an act of mpassion because it unlocks resources needed for health care, education, housing, enomic development and other urgent social priorities. Health Program One of the highest goals of the th Congress should be taking action to provide all Americans with the opportunity to lead a more healthy life. This opportunity has been denied to many in our untry because of health care services which are unaffordable, inaccessible, and inefficient. In addition, our current system of health care is focused on the treatment of disease, with too little attention being directed toward its prevention. We need a national health strategy which rrects these inadequacies in the existing system. Some of the elements of this strategy are already in place and need only be strengthened. Others will require new legislation from the th Congress. National Health Plan and Other Improvements Last year I outlined the principles upon which the National Health Plan I intend to propose will be based. Based on those principles, the Administration has been working to develop a National Health Plan that will enable the untry to reach the goal of mprehensive, universal health care verage. I remain mmitted to that goal. The need for improved health care verage is clear: • About million Americans have no health insurance. • Another million Americans face potential bankruptcy because they lack insurance protecting them against catastrophic medical expenses. • The health care system is highly inflationary. Spending in the entire health care industry—has been rising at an annual rate of %. These expenditures cannot be successfully ntained under current health delivery and financing methods, which produce unnecessary hospitalization, over-reliance on expensive technology and inadequate preventive care. • Health resources are unevenly distributed across the untry, resulting in significant gaps in vital medical services for many residents of rural and inner city areas. Over the next several weeks, we will be nsulting closely with Congress and interested outside groups on the spe and nature of the plan I will propose. I expect to submit a plan later in the year shortly after those nsultations have been mpleted, and I look forward to working with the Congress toward a prompt enactment of that plan. An essential mpanion to any plan must be hospital st ntainment legislation. As I have indicated earlier in this Message, I will make passage of that legislation one of my highest priorities this year. Our effort to ntrol health care sts would be further strengthened by the early passage of the Health Planning Act. We must also ntinue to promote mpetition in the health care sector of the enomy. Acrdingly, the FY budget expands Federal support for Health Maintenance Organizations, which have demonstrated a significant potential for st saving. I will also ntinue to press for reforms making it easier for HMO's to obtain equitable reimbursement under Medicare and Medicaid. Prevention and Accessible Health Services More health care services alone, however, will not necessarily improve the health status of our Nation—even if these services are affordable, accessible, and efficient. Our national health strategy must direct more attention to health promotion and disease prevention if we are to achieve our goal of improved health status. The Surgeon General will present this year a major report outlining our needs in this area. I will be asking for your help in carrying out many of its remmendations. We have made great strides in expanding the availability of health care services to rural and low-inme urban areas in recent years through the creation of the National Health Service Corps and the establishment of a system of Community Health Centers. If health care is to be accessible to all Americans, these programs must be expanded, and the FY budget provides for such an expansion. Child Health Assessment I believe that our health strategy must place high priority on the health of our children. Acrdingly, I will submit a revised Child Health Assessment Program to improve the early and preventive screening, diagnosis, and treatment program for lower-inme children under Medicaid. This program would ver over ,: low-inme children who are not receiving Medicaid services. An additional , low-inme pregnant women would beme eligible for medical services prior to delivery, improving the health of both the mothers and infants. This should be part of a national health plan. Mental Health Based upon last year's remmendations of the President's Commission on Mental Health, I will be proposing mprehensive mental health legislation this year along with a Mental Health Message. A new Community Mental Health System will make new efforts to link mental health, health, and social services for the chronically mentally ill to enable them to live successfully in the mmunity and will provide new mmunity mental health services. We will emphasize efforts to provide improved regnition and treatment of mental health problems in the general health care system. In addition, we will increase support for mental health research to restore our mental health research capacity, which the Commission found had seriously eroded over the past decade. The First Lady has helped spearhead the Administration's efforts to sensitize the Nation to the problems in the mental health area. She will ntinue to work directly with me to implement the pertinent remmendations of the Commission. Drug Abuse In ntinuing our efforts to mbat drug abuse, my Administration will rely on those programs and initiatives which have proven to be successful in the past year and which serve as building blocks for future programs. Today, in the United States, there are , fewer heroin addicts than there were in ; , fewer Americans died of heroin overdoses in the twelve-month period ending June , than in the previous twelve months. Seizures of illegal drugs are at their highest level ever. Improved ordination and operation among Federal agencies have resulted in a more effective drug program without major budget increases. But much remains to be done and the situation remains serious. In we will look more to the behavior of the individual who turns to drugs, will stress financial investigations as a means of prosecuting those individuals responsible for the drug traffic, and will rely heavily on enlisting foreign operation in the overall drug program. These efforts should further our success in. ntrolling drug abuse both in the United States and abroad. Drug Regulation Reform My Administration will ntinue to work with the Congress to overhaul our current drug regulation laws in order to assure that nsumers have prompt access to safe and effective drugs. Food and Nutrition Last year, we worked with the Congress to enact the Child Nutrition Amendments, which revamped many of our food programs and greatly expanded the Supplemental Food Program for Women, Infants and Children. This year I will propose further legislation to strengthen these and other food programs by: improving the targeting of school meal programs for the needy; instituting an error sanction scheme to enurage States to reduce stly Food Stamp errors; and eliminating the cap on food stamp expenditures. These reforms will insure that additional nutrition resources are targeted to those truly in need. Worker Health and Safety We will ntinue to fully enforce laws protecting worker health and safety in a sensible and efficient manner. There will be further efforts to eliminate frivolous and unneeded rules while ncentrating greater enforcement efforts on the most dangerous and particularly the most unhealthy occupational environments. More efficient management of this program will serve the interest that both labor and management have in better working nditions. Housing We are mmitted to holding down housing nstruction sts and eliminating unnecessary regulatory burdens, so that the American nsumer will have an affordable choice in the housing marketplace. Our efforts will be accelerated this year. We have also supported introduction of the new money market certificates, which have helped the housing industry by maintaining a steady supply of mortgage credit. The Administration has supported the provision of Federal housing assistance to low-and-moderate inme people, including the elderly and the handicapped. During the period of through , the Administration will have mmitted resources for over one million additional units of assisted housing for low-and-moderate inme renters and homeowners. This is evidence of our mmitment to the goal of a decent home for every American. In , I am remmending , units of housing for low-and-moderate inme persons. The problems of providing adequate housing in rural areas is especially acute. Lack of available land, high site development sts, widespread substandard, overcrowded housing, and limited credit opportunities ntinue to plague rural areas. Government attempts to help are often hampered by inappropriate, burdensome regulations and paperwork. This year the Administration will take steps to assure that Federal regulations acmmodate locally acceptable housing des and that the endless paperwork, inspections, and processing requirements currently mandated by the three major housing agencies, HUD, FHA, and VA, are nsolidated and streamlined. Community Development My Administration remains mmitted to a partnership involving Federal, State, unty, and local governments, the private sector, and mmunity organizations. The Community Development Block Grant program is a rnerstone of that partnership, and I am proposing in my FY budget that it be funded at the full authorization level. This will be an increase of million in FY above the FY level. In , we developed the Urban Development Action Grant program and it has already succeeded in leveraging . billion in private investment and creating or saving , jobs. I am proposing a ntinuation of the Action Grant program next year, at the million authorization level. Neighborhoods My Administration has been devoted to the preservation of neighborhoods and the development of sound neighborhood self-help projects. This goal has been evident in the emphasis on neighborhoods in my urban policy as well as in the operation of the Department of Housing and Urban Development and other agencies. Last year, as part of our urban policy, we proposed and Congress passed the Livable Cities and Neighborhood Self-Help Development programs to enable neighborhood groups and organizations to rebuild their neighborhoods. In addition, Congressional passage of the National Consumer Cooperative Bank makes available new sources of financing and technical assistance to groups who are engaged in building operative enterprises to reduce sts in key nsumer goods and services. This year, my Administration and Congress will receive the final report of the National Commission on Neighborhoods. We look forward to working with the Congress on many of the Commission's remmendations. With your help, we can make the Federal government increasingly more responsive to the needs of neighborhood people who are working together to meet basic needs in housing and mmunity development, health care, nutrition, and energy nservation. Urban Policy Last year, I proposed the Nation's first mprehensive urban policy. That policy involved more than one hundred improvements in existing Federal programs, four new Executive Orders and nineteen pieces of urban-oriented legislation. With Congress' operation, thirteen of these bills passed last year. I will again propose to the Congress several important parts of the urban policy not adopted last year. The two principal proposals are: an urban fiscal assistance program, and the National Development Bank. My fiscal assistance proposal will include two principal mponents. The first, a standby untercyclical fiscal assistance program, will protect State and local governments against unexpected changes in the national enomy. It would trigger into place if the national unemployment rate rises above . percent and would provide fiscal aid to many needy governments. The send mponent is a transitional, highly targeted fiscal assistance program that provides fiscal aid to only the most fiscally-distressed local governments. Relatively few cities and unties will be eligible for this highly targeted program; but those eligible will be truly in need. I will seek a million supplemental in FY and million in FY for this targeted fiscal assistance program. I also will propose a National Development Bank to provide financing for local enomic development projects which will aid the revitalization of our Nation's mmunities. As part of the Bank, I will propose a significant increase in enomic development funding— million in new enomic development capital grants to business and . billion in new loan guarantee authority for FY . This Bank will be the central engine for the enomic development in the government. We will propose the nsolidation of many enomic development loan programs into the Bank as part of the enomic development reorganization. This will add over billion in additional loan authority. Social Security Changes In the Congress worked with the Administration to take the difficult but necessary action to make the Social Security system financially sound for the next fifty years. In so doing, we helped protect the benefits of current recipients and of those now working. However, the Social Security system from time to time needs adaptation to changing nditions, so the Administration this year will make proposals which will reduce somewhat the st of the program by trimming the sts of certain benefits. These proposals will be sent to the Social Security Advisory Council, which is representative of the ntributing employers, employees and the public, and to the National Commission on Social Security, appointed in part by the Congress and in part by me, so they can have an ample opportunity to review these proposals prior to the submission of the changes to the Congress and the Administration and the Congress can have their remmendations, if any. If the Administration's proposals for Social Security outlay reductions and hospital st ntainment legislation are enacted, it would be possible to nsider a reduction in Social Security taxes beginning in . However, such a reduction would have to be nsidered in light of alternative uses of such savings, including reduction of any budget deficit and funding of high-priority programs. Beyond the immediate reforms I have proposed, the Administration is mmitted to review the entire pension system that has developed in our untry. I have established a Pension Commission to provide the type of long-range analysis this vital area needs. Disability Insurance Reforms I will propose to Congress an integrated package of reforms for the Disability Insurance system, separate from the Social Security changes I have just discussed. These measures will improve incentives for rehabilitation of the disabled, ensure that benefits do not exceed pre-disability disposable inme, and make administration of the system simpler and more nsistent. We must make certain that those who should receive benefits are not excluded, but that those who are not truly disabled or can otherwise return to work, do so. Welfare Reform The Nation's welfare system is inequitable, inefficient and long overdue for serious reform. I will remmend to the Congress a package nsisting of reforms in cash assistance, expansion of the earned inme tax credit, an expansion of private and public job opportunities for welfare recipients, and fiscal relief for State and local governments. This package will enable us to develop a welfare system that is more simple, narrows the great differences in the way States help the very poor, that enurages people to work, and that helps eliminate the fraud and abuse currently plaguing parts of our welfare system. My Administration has already begun to work closely with this Congress to enact welfare reform this year. We must expeditiously move forward with welfare reform this year. Families Our major social initiatives and goals for this year will be undertaken with vigor and with a mmitment to the security and enhancement of the American family structure. Our government must never impede nor work against the American family, but rather we must design programs and policies that support families and ensure that future generations of American families will thrive and prosper. The White House Conference on the Family will ntinue and expedite its planning this year with that goal firmly in mind. Child Welfare Reform "The Nation's present system of overlapping, inadequate child placement programs does a great disservice to parents, foster parents, and children in need of homes. There is too little emphasis on reunification of families and permanent placement of children; the special problems of hard-to-place children often go unattended. I will therefore again propose to Congress major reforms in our foster care and adoption services, and urge prompt Congressional approval. This problem must not be left unattended any longer.   Older Americans" Early in the Administration we moved to rrect one of the major ncerns of older Americans: the possible bankruptcy of the Social Security Trust Funds. The legislation that was enacted ensures the financial solvency of the funds through the beginning of the next century. The Administration has also acted to help remove discrimination against senior citizens by supporting the legislation which removed the forced retirement requirement in the Federal civil service and postponed mandatory retirement in the private sector from age to . In addition, the Administration worked with the Congress to amend the Older Americans Act in a way that will improve the administration of the Act's social and housing programs, employment provisions, food delivery, and establishment of centers for the elderly. This year the Administration will ntinue its efforts to ensure that seniors remain in the mainstream of American life, free from age discrimination and able to receive the assistance and other benefits they have earned. Veterans Our Nation has no obligation more basic than providing for those men and women who served us as members of our armed forces. There are still many veterans who need medical care, employment assistance, and assistance in adjusting to disabilities that resulted from their service. During the last two years we have made significant improvements in programs to help meet all these needs. In my Administration will seek legislation to increase mpensation rates for disabled veterans, improve education programs for the disadvantaged under the G.I. Bill, provide special readjustment unseling assistance for those Vietnam Era Veterans who need them, and modernize the VA vocational rehabilitation program. These efforts will help veterans help themselves. In addition, we will ntinue to provide quality medical care in our VA hospital system by making it more efficient and thus more responsive to the needs of a changing veteran population. Education Improving skills and educational opportunities has been one of my Administration's major goals. To aid in this improvement, I have increased the Federal Office of Education budget authority alone by ¢ since taking office—from billion in FY to . billion in the proposed FY budget. The increased education funding will ntinue to be targeted at programs which emphasize equal education opportunity, support for local schools, student assistance, basic skills, and the linkages between school and work. School districts with high ncentrations of low inme children have extra sts in meeting their mmitment to equal educational opportunity. Last year I proposed ncentration grants which would give supplemental payments for mpensatory education programs in high poverty school districts. This year I am requesting million to fully fund this proposal. As is stated elsewhere in this Message, I will ntinue to work with the Congress to create a Cabinet-level Department of Education. Through such a Department we can make certain that education receives the attention at the Federal level that it deserves. Higher Education Last year, I signed into law the Middle inme Student Assistance Act, which extends Federal student aid to middle inme families facing rising llege tuition sts. I propose to fully fund the Basic Grants program and to ntinue funding for the other llege student aid programs. This year I will propose reauthorization of our omnibus higher education legislation-the Higher Education Act and the National Defense Education Act. Through renewal of these acts, we can help enormously to ensure the ntinuation of strong higher education institutions and equal educational opportunities for all students. Our Nation owes a debt of gratitude to the historically black lleges, which in the past were the only source of llege education for talented blacks, and which today retain a critical importance to the production of llege-educated black citizens. One-half of all llege-educated blacks earned their degrees at black lleges. I have vowed that I would enhance the role of black lleges during my term in office. I recently directed all Federal agencies to utilize more fully the resources at black lleges. And, in my FY budget I have increased funding for Howard University, and asked for million to fully fund the Developing Institutions Program, which strengthens lleges with high ncentrations of minority students. Science and Technology When I came into office, I found Federal efforts to promote basic research and development lagging. I was determined to change this situation and develop a sounder scientific and technological foundation for the future. Basic scientific research and development is an investment in the Nation's future, essential for all fields, from health, agriculture, and environment to energy, space, and defense. We are enhancing the search for the causes of disease; we are undertaking research to anticipate and prevent significant environmental hazards; we are increasing research in astronomy; we will maintain our leadership in space science; and we are pushing back the frontiers in basic research for energy, defense and other critical national needs. Despite the severe budgetary nstraints this year, we will ntinue to increase Federal support for basic research with a request for a % increase in outlays for FY . Even though Federal funding for basic research is being increased, I believe that the government's role in demonstration and mmercialization pilot projects should be more selective, with greater reliance upon private sector financing. We are enhancing our high technology approach to defense to unter the growth of Soviet forces. We have a broad energy research program that emphasizes longterm applications of solar, al, geothermal, biomass and alternate nuclear technologies. But we will rely on industry to do its full part in the demonstration of new technologies in energy and in other fields. Rather than government funding of their research and development, mpanies need more favorable investment climates, better enomic growth, better trade prospects, and sound policies about patents, antitrust, procurement, and environmental regulation. Under the direction of the Department of Commerce, we are also engaged in a major Cabinet-level review of these aspects of technological innovation, with participation of numerous individuals from various industrial sectors. Science and technology are playing an important part in our international relationships as well. Many untries, especially developing untries, look to America for our expertise and problem solving abilities. I have proposed the establishment of a Foundation for International Technological Cooperation FITC) to foster llaborative efforts with people and institutions in developing untries. These efforts will be directed to basic human needs in agriculture, nutrition, health, small-scale energy systems, and rural development. Science and technology also have played a critical part in the dramatic advances of our relationship with the People's Republic of China. These scientific and technological relationships that will be built with China will be parallel to many such relationships we have established and enhanced over the years with other nations and groups of nations. Space Last year marked the th Anniversary of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The st year started with the incredible success of the Pioneer missions to Venus. This year we hope to open a new era in space with the first launch of the Space Shuttle. Under the national civil space policy I announced last fall, we will remain dedicated to ensuring U.S. scientific and technological leadership in space. To further that policy, my budget request for FY includes funding to maintain the Shuttle development and production schedule to ntinue space science and exploration; to initiate efforts on selected areas of advanced satellite mmunications techniques; and to enhance remote sensing activities that will bring benefits in areas such as earth resources, climate, weather, pollution and agriculture. Communications Last year we worked with Congress to reorganize mmunications policy-making in the Executive Branch and enact legislation to strengthen public broadcasting. In our priorities will include: • ntinued work with Congress on the important effort to revise the Communications Act to take acunt of technological changes; • vigorous pursuit of the program already underway to increase minority ownership of broadcast stations through regulatory actions, government loan guarantees, and private loan and training programs; • a program to use new mmunications technologies to improve rural life by delivering education, agricultural, and medical services and by increasing the diversity of radio and TV; • elimination of unnecessary regulations and paperwork requirements in operation with the Federal Communications Commission; • proposals on the role of the Postal Service in providing electronic mail services; and • participation in the World Administrative Radio Conference to ensure that increasing demands for radio frequencies are balanced in a reasonable and flexible manner. Small Business As a former businessman, I am especially sensitive to the importance of small business in our enomy and to the vital role the Federal government can play in assisting small business. Through a number of actions over the past two years, my Administration has worked to help small business flourish and remain mpetitive. Under the leadership of the Small Business Administration, we have increased tax incentives significantly for small business; expanded small business loan opportunities; worked to increase small business exports; expanded opportunities for minority-owned small businesses; and initiated programs to increase small business opportunities for women. In addition, we have begun preparations for a White House Conference on Small Business in January of which will include local and regional nferences throughout the untry. This year, while ntinuing efforts to prepare for the White House Conference, the Administration will work closely with the Congress to develop legislation to improve the operation and effectiveness of the Small Business Administration. Cultural Affairs Over the last decade, the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities have made enormous progress in developing projects and materials to enhance our Nation's cultural life. This year, the Endowments will ntinue their distinguished rerd of achievement. I am hopeful Congress will provide adequate funds for White House Conferences on the Arts and Humanities. This year we will also strengthen the programs of the International Communications Agency, which present the diversity of American culture to the world and deepen our appreciation of other cultures. PROTECTING BASIC RIGHTS AND LIBERTIES Since taking office, I have worked to protect and enhance the basic rights and liberties provided to Americans under the Constitution and our other laws. With the operation of the Congress, we have made important progress in this area. Over the next year, though, a great deal remains to be done if our goal of ensuring equality and basic freedoms for all Americans is to be realized. The dream of equal opportunity remains unfulfilled. I will do everything in my power to bring that dream closer to realization. Civil Rights Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity I take no obligation of my office more seriously than that of striving to secure full civil rights and equal opportunity for all Americans. In the quarter century since the Supreme Court's historic desegregation decision, our Nation's progress in these vital areas of human rights had been significant, but we have more to do. I am determined to use all of my authority to resist any efforts to weaken enforcement of any of our civil rights and equal opportunity laws. Recent actions by some in Congress to impair my Administration's efforts to enforce the law of the land will be forcefully opposed. These laws have made our society more open to equality of opportunity than virtually any on earth, and attempts to weaken them cannot be tolerated or allowed to succeed. My Administration has taken important steps to make civil rights enforcement more effective. The Justice Department has been diligent in its prosecution of civil rights violations. The Office of Federal Contract-Compliance Programs OFCCP) and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC) has been reorganized and granted increased authority. The OFCCP will vigorously enforce the guidelines of Executive Order , which prohibits employment discrimination by Federal ntractors and requires affirmative action by these ntractors. In addition the EEOC will ntinue this year to provide an effective central mechanism to enforce mpliance with our equal opportunity laws. As we have done in recent cases before the Supreme Court, my Administration will ntinue to strongly support affirmative action programs to help bring minorities into the mainstream of American life, while opposing rigid and inflexible quotas which have no place in our laws. Beyond existing laws, however, as I state elsewhere in this Message, we need to ratify two Amendments to the Constitution which will significantly clarify and enhance the liberties and rights of Americans: The Equal Rights Amendment and the District of Columbia Voting Rights Amendment. The Equal Rights Amendment will provide women with equal legal status in our untry. We cannot effectively champion human rights throughout the world until we have given to women the full rights they are entitled to as citizens. We must also work to ratify the amendment that will finally give the citizens of the District of Columbia the rights other Americans have to elect voting representation in Congress. In addition, we need to rrect a weakness in an existing civil rights law. Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of , which prohibits discrimination in housing, remains largely an empty promise because of the lack of an adequate enforcement mechanism. I will soon propose to the Congress that this problem be alleviated by providing the Department of Housing and Urban Development with cease and desist powers. That Department, which now investigates and makes findings upon individual mplaints, would then be able to enjoin further discriminatory acts and to direct an appropriate remedy. My Administration will work with the Congress to see that this proposal is given prompt and favorable nsideration. Women One of the overriding ncerns of my Administration is ensuring equal opportunity for women. Last year we worked closely with the Congress to extend the deadline for ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment until June , . That extension will provide a greater opportunity to ensure ratification of this long-overdue Amendment. I will ntinue to dedicate myself, as well as the full resources of my Administration, to the ratification effort. This is not a battle that we can afford to lose. I am determined to win. The opposition to the Amendment cannot be solidly based on an understanding of its legal effect. The Amendment will do nothing more—nor less—than provide equality to more than one-half of America's population. I am nfident that with the active support of the members of Congress from States which have not yet ratified, we can achieve ratification of ERA. I urge you to join the effort to provide women, at long last, with equal rights under the law. My Administration has championed, and will ntinue to champion, the right of women to choose their roles in society. To protect those who have chosen the role of full-time homemaker: • We have succeeded in enacting legislation that provides assistance for displaced homemakers and we supported the legislation that has now reduced from to years the marriage requirement for a former wife to claim against her husband's social security entitlement. We are facilitating the choice of many women to mbine family and work responsibilities. To acmplish this goal: • we supported the legislation passed to increase part-time and flexible-hour employment opportunities; and • we supported the Pregnancy Disability Act that outlaws employment discrimination based upon pregnancy, childbirth, or related nditions. We are striving to improve women's professional opportunities within the Federal government. To this end: "• women have been appointed in senior positions in the Administration, including two Cabinet officers. About % of my senior appointees have been women, and many of them are in areas in which no previous women had served; and   • we have strengthened and increased our equal employment opportunity enforcement." This year, in addition to ntinuing our efforts to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, we will work closely with the Congress to enhance the enomic standing of women—particularly the poor, minority, and elderly—by improving their access to housing, health care, and child care for those who choose to work. We will expand additional opportunities this year for women business owners and will create a permanent interagency group to review and help improve the position of women business owners. I will make every effort to select as many women as possible to fill the new Federal judgeships. Their under-representation in the urts cannot be ntinued.. Our untry needs and deserves the full participation of women in our society, and I am mmitted to taking the steps needed to ensure this partnership. District of Columbia My Administration worked with the th Congress to pass a proposed amendment to the Constitution granting full voting representation to the citizens of our Nation's Capital. The ratification process for this proposed amendment has begun and I urge the state legislatures which have not ratified the resolution to join with the States of New Jersey, Ohio and Michigan by promptly ratifying the amendment. My Administration will work this year in the effort to ratify this amendment. My Administration will also work closely with the Congress and the new District Government under Mayor Marion Barry to expand home rule for the District. This includes streamlining the procedures for Congressional review of locally enacted legislation, removal of the Federal government from the District budgetary process by , developing a rational formula for determining the Federal payment to the District, and an equitable Federal sharing of financial responsibility for funding of the District's pension plan for police, firemen, teachers and judges. I will work with Mayor Barry to make our Nation's Capital city a model for the rest of the Nation to emulate. Native Americans The Federal government has a special responsibility to native Americans, and I intend to ntinue to exercise this responsibility fairly and sensitively. My Administration will ntinue to seek negotiated settlements to difficult nflicts over land, water, and other resources and will ensure that the trust relationship and self-determination principles ntinue to guide Indian policy. There are difficult nflicts which occasionally divide Indian and non-Indian citizens in this untry. We will seek to exercise leadership to resolve these problems equitably and mpassionately. Handicapped For Americans with physical disabilities, this year will result in ntinued improvements in their accessibility to many opportunities those of us who are not disabled take for granted—education opportunities, employment opportunities, and greater access to public facilities and services. We will make further progress in removing obstacles that impede and discriminate against our disabled mmunity. If our Nation is to remove the barriers of discrimination in our society, the Federal government must serve as a model in the successful removal of physical and psychological barriers thrown in the way of our Nation's disabled. The Section Regulations issued by the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare provide a basis for the Federal government to lead the way in ensuring the rights of the handicapped. Undocumented Aliens One of the most difficult and sensitive domestic issues facing the untry ncerns the Federal government's policy toward undocumented aliens. I ntinue to believe that effective but humane measures need to be devised which will help relieve the causes and effects of the presence of large numbers of undocumented aliens in this untry. I will pursue this issue in my nsultations with the government of Mexi during my visit there next month and will make no final decisions until after those nsultations. Martin Luther King, Jr. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led this Nation's effort to provide all its citizens with civil rights and equal opportunities. His mmitment to human rights, peace and non-violence stands as a monument to his humanity and urage. As one of our Nation's most outstanding leaders, it is appropriate that his birthday be mmemorated as a national holiday, and I will strongly support legislation to achieve this. Minority Business This year we will move vigorously to implement the strong minority business legislation enacted by Congress in ; meet my goal of tripling Federal procurement from minority businesses to a total of billion); faithfully implementing the minority set-aside programs of the government and improve the operation of the several programs designed to achieve equal entrepreneurial opportunity and vital minority enomic development. We are currently evaluating the adequacy and organization of current minority business development programs, with the mmitment to taking whatever action, legislative or administrative, is needed to ensure that their operation is efficient and effective. Civil Liberties Privacy Government and private institutions llect increasingly large amounts of personal data and use them to make many crucial decisions about individuals. Much of this information is needed to enforce laws, deliver benefits, provide credit, and nduct similar, important services. However, these interests must be balanced against the individual's right to privacy and against the harm that unfair uses of information can cause. Individuals should be able to know what information organizations llect and maintain about them; they should be able to rrect inaccurate rerds; and there should be limits on the disclosure of particularly sensitive personal information. "My Administration is developing a mprehensive privacy policy to address these ncerns. Last year, legislation was enacted which established restrictions on wiretapping for intelligence purposes and on government access to financial rerds. Early in , I will propose privacy legislation to ver medical, financial, and other sensitive personal rerds. I will also take administrative actions to strengthen   privacy ntrols for Federal agencies' rerds. These measures will go far toward giving all American citizens the privacy protections they need in a modern society." I recently announced my intention to submit legislation to Congress protecting the rights of the press, and others preparing materials for publication, from searches and seizures undertaken without judicial approval. Under the legislation I will propose, Federal, State and local law enforcement officials will generally be required to obtain a subpoena before nducting a search or seizure against those preparing materials for publication. Such legislation, which would deal with the problems created by the Supreme Court's decision in the Stanford Daily case, should serve as a solid protection of the rights of the news media and others under the Fourth Amendment. Labor Law Reform The Nation's labor laws are vital to ensuring that a sound labor-management relationship exists in llective bargaining. Efforts to abuse those labor laws, especially by unduly slowing or blocking their implementation, have increased in recent years. As a result, a reform of our labor laws is required in order to guarantee that their intended spirit is fully observed and enforced. I am again prepared to work with the Congress to develop legislation which improves the fairness and effectiveness of our labor laws. Efforts to defeat this legislation last year were based on emotion and a lack of information about its actual effect. If the will of the majority in Congress is allowed to prevail, we can enact sound labor law legislation. Export Administration/Anti-Foreign Boytt My Administration will work with the Congress to reauthorize the Export Administration Act, which plays a vital role in ensuring that American trade serves our national interest. We will make particular efforts to reauthorize that part of the Act which prohibits American mpliance with the foreign enomic boytt of Israel. The anti-boytt amendments passed by the Congress were fair and equitable and must ntinue to be strenuously enforced. Intelligence Charters I will be working closely with the Congress to develop and enact statutory charters for the intelligence mmunity. The charters, for the first time, will define in law the duties and responsibilities of our intelligence agencies and will set forth the authority of those agencies to fulfill those responsibilities. The disclosures of abuses in recent years make clear the need for charters, and my Administration is strongly mmitted to developing and passing charter legislation that protects our citizens' rights, while permitting our intelligence agencies to perform. effectively their essential duties. Criminal Code The Federal criminal laws are often archaic, frequently ntradictory and imprecise, and clearly in need of revision and dification. My Administration will ntinue to work with the Congress to develop a Federal criminal de which simplifies and clarifies our criminal laws—as well as protects our basic civil liberties. The criminal de which passed the Senate in the last session can serve as a basis for progress this year. Hatch Act Reform We will ntinue to support efforts to reform the Hatch Act so that Federal employees in non-sensitive positions will have the right to participate in off-the-job political activities while preventing any on-the-job political abuse. Hunger We share a growing ncern with other Nations and their people over the serious problem of world hunger. While our government and the governments of other Nations and international organizations are working to assure the basic right to food, the problems of hunger and malnutrition are a daily fact of life for millions of people throughout the world. In order to make our own programs more effective and to examine additional efforts that might be undertaken, I have established the Presidential Commission on World Hunger, under the leadership of Ambassador Sol Linowitz, to remmend realistic solutions which we and other Nations might undertake in a prompt and efficient manner. The Commission will report to me this year and will then be involved in the implementation of its remmendations. The Administration will be working closely with Congress on the Commission's remmendation. Holocaust Commission Last year I established a Holocaust Commission to remmend to me how our government might officially regnize, for the first time, the tragedy of the Holocaust. The Commission's work is well underway, and I will receive its report this year. I expect to work together with Congress in developing a suitable memorial to the millions who died in the Holocaust. PRESERVING AND DEVELOPING NATURAL RESOURCES My highest legislation priority during the th Congress was enactment of our first national energy plan. The dedication of many members of Congress made that goal a reality. My Administration is mmitted to using that legislation as the foundation for further efforts to reduce our dependence on foreign oil; to increase our ability to develop domestic energy sources; and to nserve wasted energy. Our energy and other development goals can and will be renciled with the Administration's resolve to clean the Nation's air and water and to preserve our most precious natural resources. We will ntinue to further the protection of our environment. We will ntinue to develop our fertile agricultural land. The Administration is mmitted to helping our Nation's farmers ntinue to achieve rerd yields and exports. Energy The Administration remains mmitted to meeting our future energy needs. Building upon the framework of the National Energy Act, signed last November, we will be addressing key issues such as further developing and mmercializing solar and renewable energy resources, making better use of our al reserves and other abundant energy resources, ntinuing our emphasis on using energy more efficiently, and improving the manner in which we produce and use nventional sources of energy such as oil, natural gas, and uranium. To minimize the impacts of potential supply disruptions, we will ntinue the storage of oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, and will be submitting for Congressional approval overall energy ntingency plans. While much remains to be done in the energy area, past investments in improving our energy supplies and our energy use are beginning to pay off: the rate of growth of our industrial energy use has dropped while industrial production has increased. From to the growth in domestic energy nsumption has been % of the growth in GNP Previously, the two growth rates had been roughly equal. With significant improvements in automobile efficiency, gasoline nsumption is an estimated % lower than it otherwise would have been. Use of heating oil, electricity, and other home energy sources has beme much more efficient. Oil nsumption grew last year at a rate of only .%. On the supply side, the new natural gas legislation, whose provisions have just begun to take effect, will ensure new domestic production of this premium fuel and help expedite the delivery of natural gas to the interstate market. Furthermore, due to the addition of Alaska North Slope oil, our domestic production of oil has held steady over the last year, and foreign imports were down in . In and the FY budget we are ntinuing strong investments in energy research and development. The FY budget provides outlays of . billion for a wide range of programs to develop energy technologies for the future. Particular emphasis will be given to long-term solar energy research and development, to improvements in the mining and burning of al, fission and fusion research, to improvements in existing technologies for nservation, oil and gas revery, and uranium efficiency, and to energy-related basic research. These mmitments to technologies for the future, both long and shorter term, are critical to a sound and mprehensive energy policy. Solar Energy Within the next few weeks, I will send to the Congress a message on solar energy based on an interagency study under the Domestic Policy Review System. The transition to wide-spread use of solar and renewable resources can and must begin now. Solar, wind energy, and use of biomass resources can ntribute significantly in both the short and long run to meeting our Nation's energy needs. Some of these technologies, such as solar heat and hot water, use of biomass for generation of electricity, and wind energy, are available now and are mpeting with other nventional energy sources. The tax credits in the National Energy Act, along with other mmercialization incentives, will help accelerate the use of solar and other renewable technologies in the residential and industrial sectors of our enomy. The FY Budget increases our government-wide solar research and development programs by % over FY . Total expenditures for solar energy will exceed million, including tax credits and important initiatives undertaken by the Department of Energy, the Agency for International Development, the Tennessee Valley Authority, the Department of Agriculture and the Small Business Administration. Application of solar technologies in federally-owned buildings will also increase, thereby providing new markets for our existing solar industry. In our research and development program, strong emphasis will be given to photovoltaics through which electricity can be produced directly from solar energy. Conversion of organic materials to useable energy forms will also receive increased funding. Funds for the new Solar Energy Research Institute at Golden, Colorado, will also be increased. The proposals I will later announce, upled with the FY budget, will chart a firm and ambitious urse for accelerating the use of solar and other renewable energy sources both now and in the future. The time for solar energy has me. Other Energy Research, Development, and Demonstration In the ming year, significant investments will be made in the demonstration of technologies which can nvert al to more useable and environmentally acceptable energy forms, ntinued strong research and development in fusion, development of geothermal energy sources, such as hot underground brines and hot rock resources, and efforts to resolve a range of environmental issues which these and other technologies raise. Nuclear Energy A wide range of Administration initiatives, both legislative and administrative, will be proposed to ensure that this untry can further use light water reactors for the generation of electricity, safely and efficiently. Of central importance will be the development and implementation of a strong, responsible program to manage and dispose of nuclear wastes. As a result of the work of the Interagency Review Group on Waste Management, I will be making a series of legislative and administrative remmendations to ensure that the necessary schedules, ordination, and legislative authorities are firmly in place. Public discussion and participation in the nuclear waste management area, along with the close operation of State and local elected officials, will receive ntinued high priority. Legislation will also be proposed to provide interim storage for spent fuel from existing reactors until a permanent waste repository is established. Enactment of nuclear licensing and siting legislation to shorten the lead times required to plan, locate, nstruct and license nuclear power reactors will again be sought. Design and nstruction activities for the new centrifuge enrichment plant at Portsmouth, Ohio, will ntinue to ensure that the U.S. is able to meet the nuclear fuel needs of our domestic industry, as well as our international customers who share our non-proliferation objectives. These activities, upled with the Administration's waste management program will help ensure that our untry can ntinue to rely on current nuclear technologies to meet power needs. Looking toward the future, we will seek to improve the efficiency of our existing power reactors by reducing their uranium feed requirements. For the longer run, the Administration will maintain and strengthen the strong research and development program we now have for more advanced nuclear fission technologies such as the fast breeder reactor. We ntinue to believe that the Clinch River Breeder reactor project is premature, technically inadequate, and should not go forward, but the Administration is mmitted to keeping the breeder option open for the future. Domestic Crude Oil Pricing Provision of adequate incentives for both domestic production of crude oil and for nservation must be carefully weighed in light of our efforts to ntrol inflation. In nsultation with the Congress, I will be making my decisions and remmendations on domestic crude oil pricing and related issues later this year. Energy Impact Assistance As new domestic energy resources are developed, particularly in rural or isolated areas of the untry, provision must be made for the needs of rapidly developing mmunities. The Administration will again seek enactment of legislation establishing an Inland Energy Assistance program, with funding of million per year, to aid those states and local areas which are experiencing a rapid growth in population as a result of new energy supply development. These mmunities often cannot plan for or meet increased need for new public facilities or services, since the population increases occur before the new energy supply activities are fully developed and producing local revenues. This legislation is essential to ensure that the burdens associated with solving our energy problems are borne equitably by all citizens and regions of the untry. Management of Federal Energy Resources The last two Congresses passed landmark legislation to reform the management of federally-owned al, oil and gas resources. These new laws include Federal strip mine ntrols, and amendments to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act and the Mineral Leasing Act. With this new framework, the Administration is proceeding to implement swiftly new programs which will permit increased leasing and development activities while protecting our environment. Water Policy Legislation Water is a basic human necessity and its proper management is essential to enomic activity, particularly in the arid West. The policies of my Administration are designed to emphasize the more efficient use of water as well as the need to provide adequate water supplies. We are particularly sensitive to the interests of the West and other areas in the development of additional water resources, to the importance of water nservation, and to the ncerns of many Eastern urban areas about their water systems. Last year I announced a mprehensive water policy which included many reforms now being implemented administratively. In addition, I will propose legislation to increase the role of the States in water policy, through increased water planning grants and through new grants for state water nservation programs. I will also propose legislation which would provide for states to share in the sts of Federal water projects. This st proposal will result in direction by states in setting water project priorities and will help insure that Federal programs are responsive to the most pressing water-related needs. Congressional action is also needed on Administration Amendments to modernize the Reclamation Act to ensure that acreage limitations in federally funded irrigation projects are equitable and fair. Environment My Administration is mmitted to balancing the needs for development, nservation and preservation of our natural resources. Our Nation has been blessed with an outstanding natural heritage which, if properly cared for, can meet our needs for food and fiber, mineral, energy, recreation, and solitude in a way that is environmentally sound. The Congress and the Administration have worked together, over the past two years to achieve this goal. We have enacted the first Federal standards for strip-mining al; we have improved and extended the Clean Air and Glean Water Acts; we have created a substantial number of new National Parks and other protected areas. During , protection of Alaska lands, implementation of water policy, resolution of wilderness and nonwilderness designations in the National Forest System and reformed management of Federal energy resources will be major environmental initiatives of my Administration. Efforts to enforce and implement environmental statutes firmly and fairly, to streamline environmental review requirements, to protect public health and to preserve wildlife resources will ntinue to be pursued vigorously and as st-effectively as possible. Alaska As in the last Congress, passage of legislation designating National Parks, Wildlife Refuges, Wilderness Areas, National Forests and Wild and Scenic Rivers in Alaska is the highest environmental priority of my Administration. To protect these magnificent. Alaskan wild lands, I took several actions after the adjournment of the th Congress, including the creation of National Monuments vering million acres. These areas, as well as other outstanding parts of Alaska vered in Administration proposals, should be protected promptly by legislation in order to assure that the great national treasures of wildlife, scenery, history and untouched esystems can be saved for our children and grandchildren, while permitting appropriate mmercial use of certain of the areas. Roadless Area Designations Rare II) The Agriculture Department has released tentative remmendations and nearly mpleted work on a study which will lead to proposals to resolve the status of most of the remaining roadless areas in the National Forest System. The Administration proposal will involve additional wilderness designations in many States and the release of remaining lands for nonwilderness activities. This initiative will also eliminate uncertainty over land uses in most parts of the National Forest System and will ensure that development uses will be adequately supported, while preserving critical parts of our natural heritage in an unspoiled ndition. Environmental Protection In recent years, the quality of our environment has improved, but much remains to be done to clean up our air and water, and to ntrol ntamination by toxic materials. The Environmental Protection Agency is focussing its efforts on the protection of public health by assessing the effects of substances before they are introduced into the environment, and by ensuring that hazardous wastes are disposed of safely. At the same time, EPA, and the other health and safety agencies are exercising new care when implementing environmental regulations to avoid imposing unnecessary sts or red tape. A healthy, safe environment need not be inmpatible with a healthy enomy. We are mmitted to both. The Nation's investment in environment cleanup must have the incentives and the flexibility to allow our most important environmental goals to be achieved at the lowest st. Unnecessary requirements which cause delays and increase sts will be removed. EPA will simplify and nsolidate its permit programs to reduce paperwork, red tape and delays. The Agency is beginning to introduce innovations which allow firms the flexibility to find the lowest st methods of ntrolling pollution. I will submit legislation to nsolidate Federal funds for environmental programs at the State level, thus giving the States more flexibility to use these funds to deal with their most pressing environmental problems. These and other changes we are making will assure the American public that the money we spend on environmental ntrols is the best investment we can make in our future and our children's future. The State of Food and Agriculture World food security has been substantially improved in . For the third nsecutive year, good-to-rerd crops were harvested in most parts of the world, pushing supplies to rerd quantities and creating the opportunity for people all over the world to improve their diets. For the United States, was also a year of rerds. Large food and rerd feed grain crops were harvested by U.S. producers, re-emphasizing the U.S. farm sector's capability to lead the world in productivity. But despite the rerd crops which placed downward pressure on prices here and abroad, our farm enomy became stronger in and our agricultural trade reached rerd levels. The value of U.S. agricultural exports reached . billion in fiscal — percent above 's rerd. The volume of our farm exports was a rerd million metric tons—up percent from . Agricultural trade made another rerd ntribution to our balance of payments—. billion in fiscal . Exports also acunted for one out of every four dollars the U.S. farmer earned. Net farm inme, which was . billion in , is estimated at over billion for —send highest on rerd. In nstant dollars, this was the best year since . This was achieved while we met our domestic needs, fulfilled our mmitments to our overseas customers and built reserves for future stability protection. This revery in agriculture has been shared by crop and livestock producers alike. Indeed, American livestock producers can now look forward to several years of good returns to help them rever from the last four years which were marked by poor prices and forced liquidation of herds. Part of the revery in the farm sector can be attributed to the programs and policies adopted by my Administration and the Congress—which farmers have used to improve their inmes and stabilize prices. I am personally proud of the revery our farmers have made. International Agricultural Trade Over the past years, this Administration has worked to reduce barriers to international trade and to develop new markets and enurage increased exports of agricultural products. The Agricultural Trade Act of , for example, provides important new authorities for intermediate credit and the establishment of trade offices in major markets. We have moved to establish new and stronger trade ties with several nations, including Japan and the People's Republic of China. Partly as a result of these efforts, exports of U.S. farm produced goods are expected to reach a rerd billion in fiscal - percent higher than years ago—and ntribute billion to our balance of payments. Unlike previous Multilateral Trade Negotiations, in the current MTN we have placed heavy emphasis on the lessening of restrictions on trade in agricultural products. Our efforts here should have a major impact on U.S. agriculture in the future, by broadening our access to important existing and new international markets. Crop Insurance The Federal government now operates several programs to protect farmers from enomic losses associated with crop failure. The experience of recent years with these programs has demonstrated their many serious shortmings—in the breadth of verage, the equity of program benefits, and the efficiency of program administration. We will propose again a mprehensive, nationwide all-risk insurance reform bill to the th Congress aimed at providing fairer and more effective protection for farmers, and at no additional st to the taxpayer. Under this proposal, several existing disaster assistance programs would be nsolidated into one mprehensive, share-the-st program to ensure against enomic losses resulting from natural disaster and other unntrollable risks. International Emergency Wheat Reserve The rnerstone of our domestic food and agricultural policy is the farmerowned grain reserve. In little more than a year, we have built this into a . billion bushel grain reserve—the equivalent of more than a third of our carry-over stocks from the past year. These stocks remain under the ownership of those farmers who produced them rather than in the hands of government or international grain traders. This reserve provides a critical cushion against shocks in the market caused by production shortfalls either here or abroad. We now need to establish the same sort of protection for our international food aid programs. Acrdingly, the Administration will reintroduce legislation to authorize the establishment and management of an international emergency wheat reserve. This reserve will provide developing untries assurance that we will be able to fulfill our food aid mmitments. At the same time, it will protect the domestic enomy from further inflationary pressures during periods of grain shortages. Sugar In the absence of Congressional passage of a domestic sugar program in the last session, the Administration has taken several further steps to assure domestic producers of a fair return and nsumers an assured supply at stable prices. To undersre Administration mmitment to achieving ratification of the International Sugar Agreement, I directed that sugar imports from untries not party to the agreement be strictly limited to the levels permitted under the agreement for . We have also asked for and received an extension of the deadline for ratifying the ISA to June , . In addition, at the end of last year, I issued a proclamation that provides for a new, more flexible system of sugar import fees protecting a domestic raw sugar price of cents per pound. To help stabilize world sugar prices, to satisfy our international mmitments, and to protect our domestic sugar producers, my Administration is mmitted to working with the Congress to develop an effective, non-inflationary domestic sugar program early in this session, and to achieve ratification of the International Sugar Agreement. Rural Development Throughout my Administration took steps to make existing Federal rural development programs work better. For many rural areas, and for most rural residents, the 's have been a period of rapid growth and development. Inme levels have risen and large numbers of better jobs have been created in rural mmunities across the Nation. Rates of population and employment growth for rural areas have been substantially greater than for urban areas—causing problems of unplanned rapid growth in some areas but also reversing decades of rural out-migration and enomic stagnation. Nevertheless, rural Americans still experience a disproportionate ncentration of pressing human problems: • two-thirds of all homes lacking mplete plumbing are in rural areas; • rural infant mortality rates are percent higher than urban ones; • percent of the rural poor and half of the rural elderly have no automobile, causing great hardship because of the distances to travel to get access to basic health care, jobs, and other social services; • while only a quarter of all Americans live in rural areas, percent of the Nation's poor live there. For too long the small town mayor, the rural unty official and the individual rural American have been frustrated by a maze of Federal grant applications, requirements, eligibility standards, audits and deadlines which have made it virtually impossible to address these rural problems effectively. For too many years, money and time has been wasted. We are moving to address this chronic problem. In the last year, White House Rural Development initiatives have resulted in: • a mmitment to build rural primary health clinics to serve . million Americans who lacked access to care; • major streamlining of the rural water and sewer grant process through which five agencies distribute . billion in Federal funds each year. The new process permits a single application, single audit, single funding source and single point of Federal ntact—at a savings to local government of several hundred million dollars each year along with a reduction in processing time of as much as months; and • specially targeted rural job training programs for rural disadvantaged in the water and sewer and health support fields. This effort to address rural problems will ntinue and be expanded in , addressing the problems of rural transportation, housing, and enomic development among others. In addition, during the year I plan to articulate a set of overall rural development principles and goals which will guide the actions of my Administration. These principles will provide focus, direction and priority to the myriad of now separate Federal actions and policies, so that we can more effectively work to: "• overme the problems of rural isolation;   • promote enomic development;   • meet basic human needs;   • protect the quality of rural life;" • assure equity in the administration of Federal programs for which rural Americans are eligible; and • build a more effective partnership among Federal, State and local governments and the private sector in meeting locally defined rural development priorities. Furthermore, several other Administration initiatives will have an impact on the nditions in rural America. We will make certain that the rural perspective is nsidered as initiatives are developed in such areas as welfare reform and a national health plan. FOREIGN POLICY PRIORITIES THE CONTINUING CHALLENGES OF CHANGE When I took office two years ago this month, I was nvinced that America had to pursue a changed urse in a world which was itself undergoing vast change. In the midst of this accelerating change, America's choice lies between facing chaos or building with others a new foundation for a true world mmunity. Our foreign policy accepts the latter responsibility both because of our basic belief, and because of America's critical role in the world. To this end, we must have four broad objectives: • to buttress American power on which global security and stability depend; • to strengthen our relations with other nations throughout the world in order to widen the spirit of international operation; • to deal nstructively with pressing world problems which otherwise will disrupt and even destroy the world mmunity we seek; • to assert our traditional mmitment to human rights, rejoining a rising tide of belief in the dignity. of the individual. Progress towards these goals depends first on our ability as a Nation to work together in the mmon interest. During the ming year, the Congress, the Executive, and the public will be addressing an unusually wide range of international issues. The action taken will have an impact on our Nation's position in the world for many years to me—in establishing a secure nuclear balance, in developing closer relations with the world's most populous Nation; in achieving an historic step towards peace in the Middle East; or in setting the pattern of trade relations during the next decade and beyond. This report elaborates on my address to the Congress and, in particular, ncentrates on the issues in which the role of the Congress will be most important to building a new foundation for peace. In each case, the challenge is clear: to exercise strong American leadership with others to shape change rather than permit change to shape us. AMERICA'S MILITARY STRENGTH Elsewhere in this report I have described the domestic programs and policies required for a just, united and productive America. The maintenance of American military strength is an essential foundation for a successful foreign policy that safeguards our freedom, our acmplishments and our friendships. In a world of accelerating change, fraught with potential danger and uncertainty, and marked by a ntinuing Soviet military buildup, we must have, together with our allies, unsurpassed military capability to deter attack or attempts at political ercion. Moreover, we must have the military force to mount an effective defense at any level of hostilities where our vital interests are jeopardized. The defense budget which I have presented to the Congress funds a program of prudent investments that will ensure the effectiveness of our strategic and nventional military posture. It will: • begin full-scale development of a new, more survivable ballistic missile system to enhance the ICBM mponent of our strategic triad; • maintain the Trident submarine and missile programs, increasing the security, striking power and the range of our submarine force; • extend the effectiveness of our bomber force with the addition of air-launched cruise missiles; • pursue a vigorous program of research and development in cruise missiles, aircraft and other systems to ensure the ntinued technological superiority of America's nuclear deterrent. In addition, the defense budget I have submitted this week will strengthen our nventional capabilities to fulfill our mmitments to our major allies and friends and retain a credible military presence in both the Atlantic and the Pacific. We will ntinue to add armor and firepower to our infantry and build a more modern, smaller aircraft carrier which, together with more frigates and destroyers, will improve the effectiveness and flexibility of our surface fleet. In NATO, we have already achieved important progress toward making the Alliance more effective in the changing security environment. • We helped launch the Alliance's Long-Term Defense Program to offset growing Soviet modernization of its deployment in Europe. The LTDP will increase NATO military capabilities through better ordination of defense efforts, increased investment, and more modern equipment. • We removed, with the support of Congress, a serious obstacle to strengthening Turkey's defensive capabilities and made further progress toward the reintegration of Greek armed forces into NATO's military structure; both these efforts helped repair a serious deficiency on NATO's southern flank. • We neared final agreement with the Portuguese on the renewal of our base rights in the Azores. The provision of adequate military as well as enomic assistance to Turkey, Portugal and other allies and friends in need will be a matter of high priority during the ming year. NATO's strength is growing. In , we can further that enuraging process by standardizing more of the Alliance's equipment and improving Allied readiness. The proposal I will soon put before the th Congress calls for the authorization of intergovernmental agreements to simplify logistical problems both in peacetime and during any period of hostilities. Such agreements will permit the U.S. to reinforce NATO more rapidly and provide more effective defense at lower st. We also intend to maintain a vigorous American military presence in the Pacific. Successful mpletion of a revised military base agreement in the Philippines, following ten years of negotiations, provides an essential underpinning for our military capability in Asia. Congressional authorization for the transfer of military equipment to the Republic of Korea was another ntribution to assuring the security of Korea and Japan. Both actions unmistakably signal not only our desire to promote East Asian stability but our intention to remain a ncerned, involved and responsible power in the Pacific. The essential task of improving our military posture must also be acmpanied by increased efficiency. I take this opportunity to thank the Congress for its support last year of our actions to reduce waste and needless duplication in our defense budget. Vigorous st-saving efforts will ntinue this year in order to assure that the United States will possess strong military forces at the lowest possible st. BUILDING THE COMMUNITY' OF NATIONS Military strength is essential to peace but cannot alone guarantee it. The system of operation we have with the rest of the world is part of the foundation for our own security. Our best hope for a safer America and a peaceful world resides in the building of closer ties with as many nations as possible. The Major Allies Throughout , the North Atlantic Alliance and the growing partnership which links us with both Western Europe and Japan remained at the heart of our foreign policy. The operation we share with those whose purposes and traditions are closest to our own is strong and growing stronger. Through our summit meetings, and through an unprecedented pattern of nsultations at other levels of our governments, we are working together on virtually all of today's most critical issues: • together we are seeking to reduce the risk of nuclear nfrontation; • we are working on ways to strengthen the mmon defense; • we are attempting to promote a peaceful transition in southern Africa; • we are striving to resolve nflicts in the Eastern Mediterranean to support a just and lasting peace in the Middle East and to maintain stability in the Persian Gulf; • we are ntributing to a sounder international enomy; • we are nsulting on the issues that nfront all our societies: the problems of youth and age, family and mmunity, growth and nservation—in short, advancing our democratic ideals at home in a time of change in each of our untries. America's role as host for the NATO summit meeting in Washington last spring, and our attendance at the seven-nation enomic summit in Bonn last summer, symbolized American mmitment to the strength of relations with Europe and Japan. I look forward to meeting these and other allied leaders at the Tokyo Summit next June, where we will ntinue the essential effort to deepen further the operation between us. A Wider Community The changing realities of political and enomic interdependence require that we strengthen our ties throughout the developing world and seek to improve relations with Communist nations as well. My trips to Nigeria, India, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Brazil, and Venezuela underlined American sympathy and support for the international roles these untries are playing in the process of world change. Strengthened nsultations with the ASEAN nations serve the same end. My trip to Mexi early next month will be a part of this process; Mexi is important to us not only because it is a neighbor but also because it is one of the most vigorous democracies in this Hemisphere and a leader in the developing world. As neighbors, we share an agenda of mmon ncerns—trade, migration, enomic growth and social development-that provides an opportunity to establish a uniquely productive, operative relationship. My trip to Poland and the visits of Secretary Vance and Secretary Blumenthal to Hungary and Romania undersre the importance we attach to better relations with the nations of Eastern Europe. The support of the Congress for our policy toward Eastern Europe has provided a strong foundation for building a stronger enomic, cultural and political relationship—a process that will ntinue to go forward in the ming year. China The arrival next week of the first leader of the People's Republic of China to officially visit Washington will give us an early and welme opportunity in the new year not only to cement the ties of friendship and hospitality between us but to emphasize our expectation that our relationship with China will be a nstructive one. It will ntribute to diversity in the world and to peace and stability in Asia. It is not directed against the interests of any other untry. To fulfill the promise of this new era in Sino-American relations, we will require legislation and support from the Congress. Such legislation is particularly important to facilitate ntinued trade and other relations with the people of Taiwan through non-governmental instrumentalities and to assure ntinued peace and prosperity there. This has very high priority in our legislative program for . USSR We seek better relations with both the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China. Doing so is profoundly in the interests of our Nation and of global security. I therefore would like also to welme President Brezhnev to our untry in the near future. At that time we would hope to nclude an agreement curbing the strategic arms race. There are other areas where our two nations can work nstructively together. These include a mprehensive nuclear test ban treaty; limits on Indian Ocean deployments, and on the transfer of nventional arms; and restraint in areas of turbulence and tension. Such operative effort would do much to make the world a safer place for all. We will never ignore Soviet actions which challenge our interests. We both have a responsibility to our peoples and the world to maintain a pattern of detente which is genuinely reciprocal and broadly defined. DEALING WITH WORLD PROBLEMS A true world mmunity cannot be fashioned or endure so long as the weapons of war multiply and spread, so long as ancient disputes fester and the demands for justice are unmet, so long as much of mankind remains impoverished and without hope. As I emphasized in my State of the Union address, the need to curb the strategic arms race has never been more urgent. It increases the risk of nuclear war. It is a needless mpetition that draws away scarce resources we need to invest in other areas of our Nation's strength. It undermines America's security. The nclusion and ratification of a satisfactory SALT II Treaty with the Soviet Union is therefore among our top priorities. It will make a major ntribution to enhancing our long-term security, while keeping open our options to carry out needed modernization of our strategic forces and preserve our deterrence. We will take whatever time is necessary to negotiate a sound, verifiable agreement. I am nvinced that once the American people and Congress have had a chance to examine the terms and benefits of this Treaty—and nsider the shape of our future without it—they will nclude it serves our vital security interests. We will ntinue to nsult the Congress as we proceed this year with other important arms ntrol negotiations: on a mprehensive nuclear test ban; the prevention of anti-satellite warfare; mutual and balanced force reductions in Europe; and limits on the rising tide of nventional arms transfers. The risks inherent in the proliferation of nuclear technology figure prominently among the dangers to the world mmunity. Although we and the rest of the world still have far to go in dealing responsibly with such risks, the United States took an important step last March with the adoption of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act. For the first time in our history we established mprehensive legislation vering international operation in the nuclear field and the export of nuclear-related materials. To build on that promising beginning throughout , we need progress in the following areas, both nuclear and non-nuclear: • The International Nuclear Fuel Cycle Evaluation INFCE a -nation effort, can help us develop a new international nuclear fuel nsensus that will adequately balance energy needs with non-proliferation ncerns. We ntinue to believe that better alternatives exist to the mmercialization of dangerous breeder reactors and we will operate as fully as possible with other untries in exploring those alternatives. • We will seek more substantial progress in the problem of managing nuclear waste and in attracting greater international support for the acceptance of nuclear safeguards. I ask the Senate to ratify the treaty on the IAEA Voluntary Safeguards Offer which will provide ncrete proof of our belief that international safeguards do not interfere with the successful development and operation of mmercial nuclear power. • I will call for early Senate ratification of Protol I of the Treaty of Tlatelol, which will ntribute to the lessening of nuclear dangers for our Latin American neighbors; the U.S. and Cuba are now the only untries in our Hemisphere which have not yet ratified that Treaty. Regional Conflict and Tension Curbing the means of war cannot in itself remove the threat of war. For that, we must seek to resolve nflicts, ease tension and build trust. The urgency of this task and its importance to the United States and the world is nowhere more clear than in the Middle East. Though there has been great progress, the goal of a just and lasting settlement in that troubled part of the world still eludes us. No one who has looked at Middle East history can harbor any illusion about the difficulties ahead. Yet we have made great strides toward a final peace agreement between the two principal adversaries in the Middle East. The differences which they have overme far outweigh the issues which still divide them. Israeli and Egyptian mmitment to peace will provide an indispensable step toward peace between Israel and all its neighbors and foster the stability and orderly change we favor for the entire Middle East region. Peace will permit us to strengthen our ties with the Arab states in the region and enhance our relationship with Israel, a relationship which will always be special to us. In I will unt on the ntinued llaboration of the th Congress on behalf of our efforts to gain and maintain peace throughout the region. The support of the Congress and the American people for a purposeful role in that region is particularly important in light of the tumultuous events taking place in Iran. Since the end of the Send World War, the United States has maintained a close relationship with Iran and it has a vital interest in Iran's independence and integrity. The people of Iran should shape their own future without foreign interference. That is the policy of the government of the United States and we expect it to be the policy of all of Iran's neighbors. Africa Congressional support for peace, stability, and orderly change are essential in other tense regions, as well. In Southern Africa we are trying to help bring about a peaceful transformation to majority rule which will avoid growing bloodshed between white and black and deeper intervention by the Soviet Union and Cuba. Together with our European allies, Canada, and African states directly ncerned, we are making progress toward the independence and majority rule of Namibia—a step that would have a positive impact on the evolution of events in Rhodesia and elsewhere in Southern Africa. We are heartened by the support of the African leaders who have worked with us in efforts to resolve the Namibian and Rhodesian issues. Congressional repeal of the Byrd Amendment was essential in enhancing our credibility in the effort to avoid a gathering war and further Soviet and Cuban gains in Southern Africa. We will nsult closely with the Congress during the ming months, as we seek the most nstructive role we can play. It will be increasingly important to maintain our position of impartiality among the parties so we can help them resolve their differences should they choose the path of peace. Latin America In our own Hemisphere, we can point with pride to the operative spirit which enabled us to change, in mutually beneficial ways, the basis of our relations with Panama. Senate approval of the two Panama Canal treaties last year has improved the quality of our historic relationship not only with Panama itself but with our friends in every part of Latin America. By that act, our untry helped demonstrate its ability both to protect major security interests and to deal with smaller nations with dignity and mutual respect. Congressional action to pass the necessary implementing legislation for these treaties before the October deadline will ensure that the Canal is efficiently operated during the transition to a new partnership with Panama. The treaties and implementing legislation, like our efforts to help the people of Nicaragua find an enduring democratic solution to the current crisis there, are important to the future stability of Central America as a whole and the strengthening of our new and mature relationship with the nations of all Latin America. The International Enomy In our daily lives, we are nstantly reminded of the importance of a healthy world enomy to the strength of our own. We see this in the wages of our workers who produce goods for export, in the choice of goods for our nsumers, in the price of energy. We must work closely with other untries to ensure that the world enomy can steadily develop through non-inflationary growth, while together we manage the use of its resources and protect our environment. The focus for much of this effort during the past year was the Bonn Enomic Summit. We worked out a strategy of operation with our partners to improve the world enomic situation: within the framework of those Summit decisions, West Germany and Japan have taken measures to stimulate their enomies while we are giving top priority to fighting inflation. Our actions, along with those taken by other Summit participants, are leading to a nvergence of enomic policies that will strengthen the global enomy. We have strengthened the dollar by working out arrangements with other untries to unter speculative disorder in currency markets. Since I announced my dollar stabilization measures last November, we stopped the dollar's decline in value against other currencies and have actually increased the dollar's value by around percent against several major currencies. Moreover, we have announced a multi-faceted program to increase U.S. exports, which will benefit American farmers and workers, while further strengthening the position of the dollar. We are now close to new agreements with our trading partners to establish a fairer, better operating and more open framework for world trade. The American people have a vital stake in Congressional approval of these agreements. Ten million American jobs depend on our exports. Every third acre of our farmland produces for sales abroad. Twothirds of our imports are essential raw materials or goods we cannot readily produce. At a time of difficult strains in our own enomy, there is always an impulse to abandon our mmitment to an open world trading system. But the sts of such a urse to the American people would be enormous. Each American family would pay more for what it buys and would have less choice in the goods available. Inflation would be fueled. Jobs would be jeopardized, for protectionism against our trading partners breeds protectionism by them against us. I am nvinced that our enomy can adapt to changing patterns of world trade in ways that protect the future of our workers. We can mpete effectively in the world enomy. The new trade agreements give us the opportunity to do so. Our programs of enomic development assistance abroad are also an investment in our own future as well as the future of other nations. Our most rapidly growing markets lie in the developing world. By helping the people of these untries, we not only help extend their opportunities for a better life, we help ourselves. By demonstrating to their governments that we are ncerned for the well-being of their people, we enurage their increasing operation with the West on a broad range of issues. I therefore urge Congressional approval of the funding we propose for our bilateral assistance programs and our participation in the work of the multilateral development banks and UN agencies. My proposal to establish a Foundation of International Technological Cooperation reflects our regnition that scientists in many developing nations are ready to work in llaboration with our technological institutions to solve the great problems of health, nutrition, productivity and other aspects of enomic development. Key mmodity agreements can also help us deal with the legitimate needs and interests of the developing untries. Senate ratification of the International Sugar Agreement, which we signed last year, along with price support legislation will stabilize prices for that important mmodity. We have pledged a ntribution to the International Tin Agreement, and we will nduct negotiations on a rubber acrd. Efforts to build a stronger international enomy are directed not simply at managing enomic relationships among nations, but at improving the lives of individual people around the world. For it is the lives of individuals which define the success or failure of our foreign policies. REASSERTING AMERICA'S VALUES America's future is best secured in a world founded on decency, justice and mpassion. The effort to make human rights a central mponent of our foreign policy mes from our deepest sense of ourselves as a humane and freedom-loving people. We do not make our standards the prendition for every relationship we have with other untries; yet human rights can never be far from the focus of our thinking or we violate our own best values. In the year just passed, some have quarrelled with the timing or the tactics of our emphasis on human rights abroad. Others have pointed to our own imperfect rerd on human rights at home. Yet few can dispute an important fact of this experience: our ncern for human rights has met with great resonance in the world at large. The very term has entered the language and beme imbued with an everyday familiarity that was simply unknown little more than two years ago. We believe our efforts have ntributed to a global awakening: • thousands of political prisoners have been freed; • in several untries, torture of prisoners has been significantly reduced or eliminated and trials are more often open to the public; • open advocacy of human rights has occurred in nations where the ncept was heretofore forbidden; • international organizations such as the UN and the OAS now have vigorous human rights mmissions for the investigation and airing of human rights violations and the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe has helped to make human rights an institutionalized part of the international agenda on both sides of the Atlantic; • in a number of key nations around the world, democratic institutions are being strengthened as democratic values are reasserted. Americans can be proud of the leading role their government has played in advancing this process. I now ask the Congress to take action in which will further strengthen our human rights rerd. I have signed four important human rights treaties, including the Convention on Racial Discrimination, the International UN Covenants on Enomic and Social Rights, and on Political and Civil Rights, and the Inter-American Convention on Human Rights. Senate ratification of these treaties will firmly align our Nation with the growing forces for rule of law and human dignity in this world. Similarly, I call upon the Senate finally to ratify the Genocide Convention. The United States is one of the very few untries which have not yet ratified this nvention; this anomaly should be rrected at the earliest possible moment in this Congress. I am also proud of the efforts we have undertaken this past year to alleviate the plight of refugees from the far rners of the world, particularly those fleeing the troubled Indochinese peninsula. We have done a great deal to reduce suffering among these desperate people and to provide many of them with a possibility of a new home and a new start. We will ntinue to do our part and to enurage others to increase their financial assistance and opportunities for resettlement. I hope to operate closely with this Congress in the passage of new legislation which will allow us to focus U.S. assistance more efficiently in working toward the solution of this global, human problem. Our challenges reflect a single fact: the pressure of accelerating change in our century. We need not fear this phenomenon; indeed, we should welme it. Change has not been merely a challenge in American history; to a very real degree, it has been our Nation's charter. We have not prospered and grown for more than two hundred years by worshipping the status quo. In building our Nation and nfronting the many tasks which history has assigned us, we have found change to be our natural element. We should approach the task of building a new Foundation for a world of change with the nfidence of a Nation whose strengths are unmatched. Our military forces are strong and growing stronger. Our technological and industrial capacities are unsurpassed. Our allies are strong and reliable. Our way of life, and what we stand for as a Nation, ntinue to have magnetic international appeal. I do not pretend that change mes without st. I do not pretend that it mes without pain. Neither the visionary men of the th Century who founded our Republic, nor the citizens of nscience who opposed slavery in the th, nor the men and women of the th who led us successfully through two world wars looked upon change as easy. They did, however, look upon it as inevitable. So it was in the beginning of our untry, so it has been through all the stages of our history. The future has always brought Americans to a higher level of national achievement as long as we were willing to invest the time and the energy and the imagination toward shaping that future ourselves. As we begin a new year, I repledge my Administration to time, energy, and imagination essential to build a new Foundation for a world of peace, prosperity and human justice. Together, America's Congress, its people, and its President cannot only master the many challenges of change, but make them a part of our Nation's purpose in the world. In so doing, we can bring America closer to that more perfect union" of Jefferson's dream in a wider and more secure global mmunity ngenial to our values, interests and ideals. "JIMMY CARTER.   The White House,   January , ."   "Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress, and my fellow citizens:   Tonight I want to examine in a broad sense the state of our American Union-how we are building a new foundation for a peaceful and a prosperous world." Our children who will be born this year will me of age in the st century. What kind of society, what kind of world are we building for them? Will we ourselves be at peace? Will our children enjoy a better quality of life? Will a strong and united America still be a force for freedom and prosperity around the world? Tonight, there is every sign that the state of our Union is sound. Our enomy offers greater prosperity for more of our people than ever before. Real per capita inme and real business profits have risen substantially in the last years. Farm exports are setting an all-time rerd each year, and farm inme last year, net farm inme, was up more than percent. Our liberties are secure. Our military defenses are strong and growing stronger. And more importantly, tonight, America-our beloved untry—is at peace. Our earliest national mmitments, modified and reshaped by succeeding generations, have served us well. But the problems that we face today are different from those that nfronted earlier generations of Americans. They are more subtle, more mplex, and more interrelated. At home, we are regnizing ever more clearly that government alone cannot solve these problems. And abroad, few of them can be solved by the United States alone. But Americans as a united people, working with our allies and friends, have never been afraid to face problems and to solve problems, either here or abroad. The challenge to us is to build a new and firmer foundation for the future—for a sound enomy, for a more effective government, for more political trust, and for a stable peace—so that the America our children inherit will be even stronger and even better than it is today. We cannot resort to simplistic or extreme solutions which substitute myths for mmon sense. In our enomy, it is a myth that we must choose endlessly between inflation and recession. Together, we build the foundation for a strong enomy, with lower inflation, without ntriving either a recession with its high unemployment or unworkable, mandatory government ntrols. In our government, it is a myth that we must choose between mpassion and mpetence. Together, we build the foundation for a government that works—and works for people. In our relations with our potential adversaries, it is a myth that we must choose between nfrontation and capitulation. Together, we build the foundation for a stable world of both diversity and peace. Together, we've already begun to build the foundation for nfidence in our enomic system. During the last years, in bringing our enomy out of the deepest recession since the 's, we've created ,, new jobs. The unemployment rate has gone down percent. And now we must redouble our fight against the persistent inflation that has wracked our untry for more than a decade. That's our important domestic issue, and we must do it together. We know that inflation is a burden for all Americans, but it's a disaster for the poor, the sick, and the old. No American family should be forced to choose among food, warmth, health care, or decent housing because the st of any of these basic necessities has climbed out of reach. Three months ago, I outlined to the Nation a balanced anti-inflation program that uples responsible government restraint with responsible wage and price restraint. It's based upon my knowledge that there is a more powerful force than government mpulsion—the force created by the operative efforts of millions of Americans working toward a mmon goal. Business and labor have been increasingly supportive. It's imperative that we in government do our part. We must stop excessive government growth, and we must ntrol government spending habits. I've sent to this Congress a stringent but a fair budget, one that, since I ran for President in , will have cut the Federal deficit in half. And as a percentage of our gross national product, the deficit will have dropped by almost percent. This Congress had a good rerd last year, and I now ask the th Congress to ntinue this partnership in holding the line on excess Federal spending. It will not be easy. But we must be strong, and we must be persistent. This budget is a clear message that, with the help of you and the American people, I am determined, as President, to bring inflation under ntrol. The budget provides enough spending restraint to begin unwinding inflation, but enough support for our untry to keep American workers productive and to enurage the investments that provide new jobs. We will ntinue to mobilize our Nation's resources to reduce our trade deficit substantially this year and to maintain the strength of the American dollar. We've demonstrated in this restrained budget that we can build on the gains of the past years to provide additional support to educate disadvantaged children, to care for the elderly, to provide nutrition and legal services for the poor, and to strengthen the enomic base of our urban mmunities and, also, our rural areas. This year, we will take our first steps to develop a national health plan. We must never accept a permanent group of unemployed Americans, with no hope and no stake in building our society. For those left out of the enomy because of discrimination, a lack of skills, or poverty, we must maintain high levels of training, and we must ntinue to provide jobs. A responsible budget is not our only weapon to ntrol inflation. We must act now to protect all Americans from health care sts that are rising million per hour, hours a day, doubling every years. We must take ntrol of the largest ntributor to that inflation—skyrocketing hospital sts. There will be no clearer test of the mmitment of this Congress to the anti-inflation fight than the legislation that I will submit again this year to hold down inflation in hospital care. Over the next years, my proposals will save Americans a total of billion, of which billion will be savings to the American taxpayer in the Federal budget itself. The American people have waited long enough. This year we must act on hospital st ntainment. We must also fight inflation by improvements and better enforcement of our antitrust laws and by reducing government obstacles to mpetition in the private sector. We must begin to scrutinize the overall effect of regulation in our enomy. Through deregulation of the airline industry we've increased profits, cut prices for all Americans, and begun—for one of the few times in the history of our Nation-to actually dismantle a major Federal bureaucracy. This year, we must begin the effort to reform our regulatory processes for the railroad, bus, and the trucking industries. America has the greatest enomic system in the world. Let's reduce government interference and give it a chance to work. I call on Congress to take other anti-inflation action—to expand our exports to protect American jobs threatened by unfair trade, to nserve energy, to increase production and to speed development of solar power, and to reassess our Nation's technological superiority. American workers who enlist in the fight against inflation deserve not just our gratitude, but they deserve the protection of the real wage insurance proposal that I have already made to the Congress. To be successful, we must change our attitudes as well as our policies. We cannot afford to live beyond our means. We cannot afford to create programs that we can neither manage nor finance, or to waste our natural resources, and we cannot tolerate mismanagement and fraud. Above all, we must meet the challenges of inflation as a united people. With the support of the American people, government in recent decades has helped to dismantle racial barriers, has provided assistance for the jobless and the retired, has fed the hungry, has protected the safety, health, and bargaining rights of American workers, and has helped to preserve our natural heritage. But it's not enough to have created a lot of government programs. Now we must make the good programs more effective and improve or weed out those which are wasteful or unnecessary. With the support of the Congress, we've begun to reorganize and to get ntrol of the bureaucracy. We are reforming the civil service system, so that we can regnize and reward those who do a good job and rrect or remove those who do not. This year, we must extend major reorganization efforts to education, to enomic development, and to the management of our natural resources. We need to enact a sunshine sunset] law that when government programs have outlived their value, they will automatically be terminated. There's no such thing as an effective and a nonntroversial reorganization and reform. But we know that honest, effective government is essential to restore public faith in our public action. None of us can be satisfied when twothirds of the American citizens chose not to vote last year in a national election. Too many Americans feel powerless against the influence of private lobbying groups and the unbelievable flood of private campaign money which threatens our electoral process. This year, we must regain the public's faith by requiring limited financial funds from public funds for ngressional election campaigns. House bill provides for this public financing of campaigns. And I look forward with a great deal of anticipation to signing it at an early date. A strong enomy and an effective government will restore nfidence in America. But the path of the future must be charted in peace. We must ntinue to build a new and a firm foundation for a stable world mmunity. We are building that new foundation from a position of national strength—the strength of our own defenses, the strength of our friendships with other nations, and of our oldest American ideals. America's military power is a major force for security and stability in the world. We must maintain our strategic capability and ntinue the progress of the last years with our NATO Allies, with whom we have increased our readiness, modernized our equipment, and strengthened our defense forces in Europe. I urge you to support the strong defense budget which I have proposed to the Congress. But our national security in this mplicated age requires more than just military might. In less than a lifetime, world population has more than doubled, lonial empires have disappeared, and a hundred new nations have been born. Mass mmunications, literacy, and migration to the world's cities have all awakened new yearnings for enomic justice and human rights among people everywhere. This demand for justice and human rights is a wave of the future. In such a world, the choice is not which super power will dominate the world. None can and none will. The choice instead is between a world of anarchy and destruction, or a world of operation and peace. In such a world, we seek not to stifle inevitable change, but to influence its urse in helpful and nstructive ways that enhance our values, our national interests, and the cause of peace. Towering over this volatile, changing world, like a thundercloud on a summer day, looms the awesome power of nuclear weapons. We will ntinue to help shape the forces of change, to anticipate emerging problems of nuclear proliferation and nventional arms sales, and to use our great strength and influence to settle international nflicts in other parts of the world before they erupt and spread. We have no desire to be the world's policeman. But America does want to be the world's peacemaker. We are building the foundation for truly global operation, not only with Western and industrialized nations but with the developing untries as well. Our ties with Japan and our European allies are stronger than ever, and so are our friendly relations with the people of Latin America, Africa, and the Western Pacific and Asia. We've won new respect in this hemisphere with the Panama Canal treaties. We've gained new trust with the developing world through our opposition to racism, our mmitment to human rights, and our support for majority rule in Africa. The multilateral trade negotiations are now reaching a successful nclusion, and ngressional approval is essential to the enomic well-being of our own untry and of the world. This will be one of our top priorities in . We are entering a hopeful era in our relations with one-fourth of the world's people who live in China. The presence of Vice Premier Deng Xiaoping next week will help to inaugurate that new era. And with prompt ngressional action on authorizing legislation, we will ntinue our mmitment to a prosperous, peaceful, and secure life for the people of Taiwan. I'm grateful that in the past year, as in the year before, no American has died in mbat anywhere in the world. And in Iran, Nicaragua, Cyprus, Namibia, and Rhodesia, our untry is working for peaceful solutions to dangerous nflicts. In the Middle East, under the most difficult circumstances, we have sought to help ancient enemies lay aside deep-seated differences that have produced four bitter wars in our lifetime. Our firm mmitment to Israel's survival and security is rooted in our deepest nvictions and in our knowledge of the strategic importance to our own Nation of a stable Middle East. To promote peace and renciliation in the region, we must retain the trust and the nfidence both of Israel and also of the Arab nations that are sincerely searching for peace. I am determined, as President, to use the full, beneficial influence of our untry so that the precious opportunity for lasting peace between Israel and Egypt will not be lost. The new foundation of international operation that we seek excludes no nation. Cooperation with the Soviet Union serves the cause of peace, for in this nuclear age, world peace must include peace between the super powers—and it must mean the ntrol of nuclear arms. Ten years ago, the United States and the Soviet Union made the historic decision to open the strategic arms limitations talks, or SALT. The purpose of SALT, then as now, is not to gain a unilateral advantage for either nation, but to protect the security of both nations, to reverse the stly and dangerous momentum of the nuclear arms race, to preserve a stable balance of nuclear forces, and to demonstrate to a ncerned world that we are determined to help preserve the peace. The first SALT agreement was ncluded in . And since then, during years of negotiation by both Republican and Democratic leaders, nearly all issues of SALT II have been resolved. If the Soviet Union ntinues to negotiate in good faith, a responsible SALT agreement will be reached. It's important that the American people understand the nature of the SALT process. SALT II is not based on sentiment; it's based on self-interest—of the United States and of the Soviet Union. Both nations share a powerful mmon interest in reducing the threat of a nuclear war. I will sign no agreement which does not enhance our national security. SALT II does not rely on trust; it will be verifiable. We have very sophisticated, proven means, including our satellites, to determine for ourselves whether or not the Soviet Union is meeting its treaty obligations. I will sign no agreement which cannot he verified. The American nuclear deterrent will remain strong after SALT II. For example, just one of our relatively invulnerable Poseidon submarines—mprising less than percent of our total nuclear force of submarines, aircraft, and landbased missiles—carries enough warheads to destroy every large- and medium-sized city in the Soviet Union. Our deterrent is overwhelming, and I will sign no agreement unless our deterrent force will remain overwhelming. A SALT agreement, of urse, cannot substitute for wise diplomacy or a strong defense, nor will it end the danger of nuclear war. But it will certainly reduce that danger. It will strengthen our efforts to ban nuclear tests and to stop the spread of atomic weapons to other nations. And it can begin the process of negotiating new agreements which will further limit nuclear arms. The path of arms ntrol, backed by a strong defense—the path our Nation and every President has walked for years-can lead to a world of law and of international negotiation and nsultation in which all peoples might live in peace. In this year , nothing is more important than that the Congress and the people of the United States resolve to ntinue with me on that path of nuclear arms ntrol and world peace. This is paramount. I've outlined some of the changes that have transformed the world and which are ntinuing as we meet here tonight. But we in America need not fear change. The values on which our Nation was founded—individual liberty, self-determination, the potential for human fulfillment in freedom—all of these endure. We find these democratic principles praised, even in books smuggled out of totalitarian nations and on wallposters in lands which we thought were closed to our influence. Our untry has regained its special place of leadership in the worldwide struggle for human rights. And that is a mmitment that we must keep at home, as well as abroad. The civil rights revolution freed all Americans, black and white, but its full promise still remains unrealized. I will ntinue to work with all my strength for equal opportunity for all Americans-and for affirmative action for those who carry the extra burden of past denial of equal opportunity. We remain mmitted to improving our labor laws to better protect the rights of American workers. And our Nation must make it clear that the legal rights of women as citizens are guaranteed under the laws of our land by ratifying the equal rights amendment. As long as I'm President, at home and around the world America's examples and America's influence will be marshaled to advance the cause of human rights. To establish those values, two centuries ago a bold generation of Americans risked their property, their position, and life itself. We are their heirs, and they are sending us a message across the centuries. The words they made so vivid are now growing faintly indistinct, because they are not heard often enough. They are words like justice," equality," unity," truth," sacrifice," liberty," faith," and love." These words remind us that the duty of our generation of Americans is to renew our Nation's faith—not focused just against foreign threats but against the threats of selfishness, cynicism, and apathy. The new foundation I've discussed tonight can help us build a nation and a world where every child is nurtured and can look to the future with hope, where the resources now wasted on war can be turned towards meeting human needs, where all people have enough to eat, a decent home, and protection against disease. It can help us build a nation and a world where all people are free to seek the truth and to add to human understanding, so that all of us may live our lives in peace. "Tonight, I ask you, the Members of the Congress, to join me in building that new foundation—a better foundation-for our beloved untry and our world.   Thank you very much." Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress, ladies and gentlemen: Two years ago today we had the first caucus in Iowa, and one year ago tomorrow, I walked from here to the White House to take up the duties of President of the United States. I didn't know it then when I walked, but I've been trying to save energy ever since. Laughter] I return tonight to fulfill one of those duties of the Constitution: to give to the Congress—and to the Nation—information on the state of the Union. Militarily, politically, enomically, and in spirit, the state of our Union is sound. We are a great untry, a strong untry, a vital and a dynamic untry—and so we will remain. We are a nfident people and a hardworking people, a decent and a mpassionate people—and so we will remain. I want to speak to you tonight about where we are and where we must go, about what we have done and what we must do. And I want to pledge to you my best efforts and ask you to pledge yours. Each generation of Americans has to face circumstances not of its own choosing, but by which its character is measured and its spirit is tested. There are times of emergency, when a nation and its leaders must bring their energies to bear on a single urgent task. That was the duty Abraham Linln faced when our land was torn apart by nflict in the War Between the States. That was the duty faced by Franklin Roosevelt when he led America out of an enomic depression and again when he led America to victory in war. There are other times when there is no single overwhelming crisis, yet profound national interests are at stake. At such times the risk of inaction can be equally great. It bemes the task of leaders to call forth the vast and restless energies of our people to build for the future. That is what Harry Truman did in the years after the Send World War, when we helped Europe and Japan rebuild themselves and secured an international order that has protected freedom from aggression. We live in such times now, and we face such duties. We've me through a long period of turmoil and doubt, but we've once again found our moral urse, and with a new spirit, we are striving to express our best instincts to the rest of the world. There is all across our land a growing sense of peace and a sense of mmon purpose. This sense of unity cannot be expressed in programs or in legislation or in dollars. It's an achievement that belongs to every individual American. This unity ties together, and it towers over all our efforts here in Washington, and it serves as an inspiring bean for all of us who are elected to serve. This new atmosphere demands a new spirit, a partnership between those of us who lead and those who elect. The foundations of this partnership are truth, the urage to face hard decisions, ncern for one another and the mmon good over special interests, and a basic faith and trust in the wisdom and strength and judgment of the American people. For the first time in a generation, we are not haunted by a major international crisis or by domestic turmoil, and we now have a rare and a priceless opportunity to address persistent problems and burdens which me to us as a nation-quietly and steadily getting worse over the years. As President, I've had to ask you, the Members of Congress, and you, the American people, to me to grips with some of the most difficult and hard questions facing our society. We must make a maximum effort, because if we do not aim for the best, we are very likely to achieve little. I see no benefit to the untry if we delay, because the problems will only get worse. We need patience and good will, but we really need to realize that there is a limit to the role and the function of government. Government cannot solve our problems, it can't set our goals, it cannot define our vision. Government cannot eliminate poverty or provide a bountiful enomy or reduce inflation or save our cities or cure illiteracy or provide energy. And government cannot mandate goodness. Only a true partnership between government and the people can ever hope to reach these goals. Those of us who govern can sometimes inspire, and we can identify needs and marshal resources, but we simply cannot be the managers of everything and everybody. We here in Washington must move away from crisis management, and we must establish clear goals for the future-immediate and the distant future—which will let us work together and not in nflict. Never again should we neglect a growing crisis like the shortage of energy, where further delay will only lead to more harsh and painful solutions. Every day we spend more than million for foreign oil. This slows our enomic growth, it lowers the value of the dollar overseas, and it aggravates unemployment and inflation here at home. Now we know what we must do—increase production. We must cut down on waste. And we must use more of those fuels which are plentiful and more permanent. We must be fair to people, and we must not disrupt our Nation's enomy and our budget. Now, that sounds simple. But I regnize the difficulties involved. I know that it is not easy for the Congress to act. But the fact remains that on the energy legislation, we have failed the American people. Almost years after the oil embargo dramatized the problem for us all, we still do not have a national energy program. Not much longer can we tolerate this stalemate. It undermines our national interest both at home and abroad. We must succeed, and I believe we will. Our main task at home this year, with energy a central element, is the Nation's enomy. We must ntinue the revery and further cut unemployment and inflation. Last year was a good one for the United States. We reached all of our major enomic goals for . Four million new jobs were created—an all time rerd and the number of unemployed dropped by more than a million. Unemployment right now is the lowest it has been since , and not since World War II has such a high percentage of American people been employed. The rate of inflation went down. There was a good growth in business profits and investments, the source of more jobs for our workers, and a higher standard of living for all our people. After taxes and inflation, there was a healthy increase in workers' wages. And this year, our untry will have the first trillion enomy in the history of the world. Now, we are proud of this progress the first year, but we must do even better in the future. We still have serious problems on which all of us must work together. Our trade deficit is too large. Inflation is still too high, and too many Americans still do not have a job. Now, I didn't have any simple answers for all these problems. But we have developed an enomic policy that is working, because it's simple, balanced, and fair. It's based on four principles: First, the enomy must keep on expanding to produce new jobs and better inme, which our people need. The fruits of growth must be widely shared. More jobs must be made available to those who have been bypassed until now. And the tax system must be made fairer and simpler. Sendly, private business and not the Government must lead the expansion in the future. Third, we must lower the rate of inflation and keep it down. Inflation slows down enomic growth, and it's the most cruel to the poor and also to the elderly and others who live on fixed inmes. And fourth, we must ntribute to the strength of the world enomy. I will announce detailed proposals for improving our tax system later this week. We can make our tax laws fairer, we can make them simpler and easier to understand, and at the same time, we can-and we will—reduce the tax burden on American citizens by billion. The tax reforms and the tax reductions go together. Only with the long overdue reforms will the full tax cut be advisable. Almost billion in inme tax cuts will go to individuals. Ninety-six percent of all American taxpayers will see their taxes go down. For a typical family of four, this means an annual saving of more than a year, or a tax reduction of about percent. A further billion cut in excise taxes will give more relief and also ntribute directly to lowering the rate of inflation. And we will also provide strong additional incentives for business investment and growth through substantial cuts in the rporate tax rates and improvement in the investment tax credit. Now, these tax proposals will increase opportunity everywhere in the Nation. But additional jobs for the disadvantaged deserve special attention. We've already passed laws to assure equal access to the voting booth and to restaurants and to schools, to housing, and laws to permit access to jobs. But job opportunity-the chance to earn a decent living—is also a basic human right, which we cannot and will not ignore. A major priority for our Nation is the final elimination of the barriers that restrict the opportunities available to women and also to black people and Hispanics and other minorities. We've me a long way toward that goal. But there is still much to do. What we inherited from the past must not be permitted to shackle us in the future. I'll be asking you for a substantial increase in funds for public jobs for our young people, and I also am remmending that the Congress ntinue the public service employment programs at more than twice the level of a year ago. When welfare reform is mpleted, we will have more than a million additional jobs so that those on welfare who are able to work can work. However, again, we know that in our free society, private business is still the best source of new jobs. Therefore, I will propose a new program to enurage businesses to hire young and disadvantaged Americans. These young people only need skills and a chance in order to take their place in our enomic system. Let's give them the chance they need. A major step in the right direction would be the early passage of a greatly improved Humphrey-Hawkins bill. My budget for addresses these national needs, but it is lean and tight. I have cut waste wherever possible. I am proposing an increase of less than percent after adjusting for inflation-the smallest increase in the Federal budget in years. Lately, Federal spending has taken a steadily increasing portion of what Americans produce. Our new budget reverses that trend, and later I hope to bring the Government's toll down even further. And with your help, we'll do that. In time of high employment and a strong enomy, deficit spending should not be a feature of our budget. As the enomy ntinues to gain strength and as our unemployment rates ntinue to fall, revenues will grow. With careful planning, efficient management, and proper restraint on spending, we can move rapidly toward a balanced budget—and we will. Next year the budget deficit will be only slightly less than this year. But one-third of the deficit is due to the necessary tax cuts that I've proposed. This year the right choice is to reduce the burden on taxpayers and provide more jobs for our people. The third element in our program is a renewed attack on inflation. We've learned the hard way that high unemployment will not prevent or cure inflation. Government can help us by stimulating private investment and by maintaining a responsible enomic policy. Through a new top-level review process, we will do a better job of reducing Government regulation that drives up sts and drives up prices. But again, Government alone cannot bring down the rate of inflation. When a level of high inflation is expected to ntinue, then mpanies raise prices to protect their profit margins against prospective increases in wages and other sts, while workers demand higher wages as protection against expected price increases. It's like an escalation in the arms race, and understandably, no one wants to disarm alone. Now, no one firm or a group of workers can halt this process. It's an effort that we must all make together. I'm therefore asking government, business, labor, and other groups to join in a voluntary program to moderate inflation by holding wage and price increases in each sector of the enomy during below the average increases of the last years. I do not believe in wage and price ntrols. A sincere mmitment to voluntary nstraint provides a way—perhaps the only way—to fight inflation without Government interference. As I came into the Capitol tonight, I saw the farmers, my fellow farmers, standing out in the snow. I'm familiar with their problem, and I know from Congress action that you are too. When I was running Carters Warehouse, we had spread on our own farms -- fertilizer for about a ton. The last time I was home, the price was about a ton. The st of nitrogen has gone up percent, and the price of products that farmers sell has either stayed the same or gone down a little. Now, this past year in , you, the Congress, and I together passed a new agricultural act. It went into effect October . It'll have its first impact on the crops. It will help a great deal. It'll add / billion or more to help the farmers with their price supports and target prices. Last year we had the highest level of exports of farm products in the history of our untry— billion. We expect to have more this year. We'll be working together. But I think it's incumbent on us to monitor very carefully the farm situation and ntinue to work harmoniously with the farmers of our untry. What's best for the farmers, the farm families, in the long run is also best for the nsumers of our untry. Enomic success at home is also the key to success in our international enomic policy. An effective energy program, strong investment and productivity, and ntrolled inflation will provide improve] our trade balance and balance it, and it will help to protect the integrity of the dollar overseas. By working closely with our friends abroad, we can promote the enomic health of the whole world, with fair and balanced agreements lowering the barriers to trade. Despite the inevitable pressures that build up when the world enomy suffers from high unemployment, we must firmly resist the demands for self-defeating protectionism. But free trade must also be fair trade. And I am determined to protect American industry and American workers against foreign trade practices which are unfair or illegal. In a separate written message to Congress, I've outlined other domestic initiatives, such as welfare reform, nsumer protection, basic education skills, urban policy, reform of our labor laws, and national health care later on this year. I will not repeat these tonight. But there are several other points that I would like to make directly to you. During these past years, Americans have seen our Government grow far from us. "For some citizens, the Government has almost beme like a foreign untry, so strange and distant that we've often had to deal with it through trained ambassadors who have sometimes beme too powerful and too influential—lawyers, acuntants, and lobbyists. This cannot go on.   We must have what Abraham Linln wanted—a government for the people." We've made progress toward that kind of government. You've given me the authority I requested to reorganize the Federal bureaucracy. And I am using that authority. We've already begun a series of reorganization plans which will be mpleted over a period of years. We have also proposed abolishing almost Federal advisory and other mmissions and boards. But I know that the American people are still sick and tired of Federal paperwork and redtape. Bit by bit we are chopping down the thicket of unnecessary Federal regulations by which Government too often interferes in our personal lives and our personal business. We've cut the public's Federal paperwork load by more than percent in less than a year. And we are not through cutting. We've made a good start on turning the gobbledygook of Federal regulations into plain English that people can understand. But we know that we still have a long way to go. We've brought together parts of Government agencies to create a new Department of Energy. And now it's time to take another major step by creating a separate Department of Education. But even the best organized Government will only be as effective as the people who carry out its policies. For this reason, I nsider civil service reform to be absolutely vital. Worked out with the civil servants themselves, this reorganization plan will restore the merit principle to a system which has grown into a bureaucratic maze. It will provide greater management flexibility and better rewards for better performance without mpromising job security. Then and only then can we have a government that is efficient, open, and truly worthy of our people's understanding and respect. I have promised that we will have such a government, and I intend to keep that promise. In our foreign policy, the separation of people from government has been in the past a source of weakness and error. In a democratic system like ours, foreign policy decisions must be able to stand the test of public examination and public debate. If we make a mistake in this administration, it will be on the side of frankness and openness with the American people. In our modern world, when the deaths of literally millions of people can result from a few terrifying sends of destruction, the path of national strength and security is identical to the path of peace. Tonight, I am happy to report that because we are strong, our Nation is at peace with the world. We are a nfident nation. We've restored a moral basis for our foreign policy. The very heart of our identity as a nation is our firm mmitment to human rights. We stand for human rights because we believe that government has as a purpose to promote the well-being of its citizens. This is true in our domestic policy; it's also true in our foreign policy. The world must know that in support of human rights, the United States will stand firm. We expect no quick or easy results, but there has been significant movement toward greater freedom and humanity in several parts of the world. Thousands of political prisoners have been freed. The leaders of the world-even our ideological adversaries—now see that their attitude toward fundamental human rights affects their standing in the international mmunity, and it affects their relations with the United States. To serve the interests of every American, our foreign policy has three major goals. The first and prime ncern is and will remain the security of our untry. Security is based on our national will, and security is based on the strength of our Armed Forces. We have the will, and militarily we are very strong. Security also mes through the strength of our alliances. We have renfirmed our mmitment to the defense of Europe, and this year we will demonstrate that mmitment by further modernizing and strengthening our military capabilities there. Security can also be enhanced by agreements with potential adversaries which reduce the threat of nuclear disaster while maintaining our own relative strategic capability. In areas of peaceful mpetition with the Soviet Union, we will ntinue to more than hold our own. At the same time, we are negotiating with quiet nfidence, without haste, with careful determination, to ease the tensions between us and to ensure greater stability and security. The strategic arms limitation talks have been long and difficult. We want a mutual limit on both the quality and the quantity of the giant nuclear arsenals of both nations, and then we want actual reductions in strategic arms as a major step toward the ultimate elimination of nuclear weapons from the face of the Earth. If these talks result in an agreement this year—and I trust they will—I pledge to you that the agreement will maintain and enhance the stability of the world's strategic balance and the security of the United States. For years, ncerted but unsuccessful efforts have been made to ban the testing of atomic explosives—both military weapons and peaceful nuclear devices. We are hard at work with Great Britain and the Soviet Union on an agreement which will stop testing and will protect our national security and provide for adequate verification of mpliance. We are now making, I believe, good progress toward this mprehensive ban on nuclear explosions. We are also working vigorously to halt the proliferation of nuclear weapons among the nations of the world which do not now have them and to reduce the deadly global traffic in nventional arms sales. Our stand for peace is suspect if we are also the principal arms merchant of the world. so, we've decided to cut down our arms transfers abroad on a year-by-year basis and to work with other major arms exporters to enurage their similar nstraint. Every American has a stake in our send major goal—a world at peace. In a nuclear age, each of us is threatened when peace is not secured everywhere. We are trying to promote harmony in those parts of the world where major differences exist among other nations and threaten international peace. In the Middle East, we are ntributing our good offices to maintain the momentum of the current negotiations and to keep open the lines of mmunication among the Middle Eastern leaders. The whole world has a great stake in the success of these efforts. This is a precious opportunity for a historic settlement of a longstanding nflict—an opportunity which may never me again in our lifetime. Our role has been difficult and sometimes thankless and ntroversial. But it has been nstructive and it has been necessary, and it will ntinue. Our third major foreign policy goal is one that touches the life of every American citizen every day—world enomic growth and stability. This requires strong enomic performance by the industrialized democracies like ourselves and progress in resolving the global energy crisis. Last fall, with the help of others, we succeeded in our vigorous efforts to maintain the stability of the price of oil. But as many foreign leaders have emphasized to me personally and, I am sure, to you, the greatest future ntribution that America can make to the world enomy would be an effective energy nservation program here at home. We will not hesitate to take the actions needed to protect the integrity of the American dollar. We are trying to develop a more just international system. And in this spirit, we are supporting the struggle for human development in Africa, in Asia, and in Latin America. Finally, the world is watching to see how we act on one of our most important and ntroversial items of business—approval of the Panama Canal treaties. The treaties now before the Senate are the result of the work of four administrations-two Democratic, two Republican. They guarantee that the canal will be open always for unrestricted use by the ships of the world. Our ships have the right to go to the head of the line for priority of passage in times of emergency or need. We retain the permanent right to defend the canal with our own military forces, if necessary, to guarantee its openness and its neutrality. The treaties are to the clear advantage of ourselves, the Panamanians, and the other users of the canal. Ratifying the Panama Canal treaties will demonstrate our good faith to the world, disurage the spread of hostile ideologies in this hemisphere, and directly ntribute to the enomic well-being and the security of the United States. I have to say that that's very welme applause. Laughter] There were two moments on my recent journey which, for me, nfirmed the final aims of our foreign policy and what it always must be. One was in a little village in India, where I met a people as passionately attached to their rights and liberties as we are, but whose children have a far smaller chance for good health or food or education or human fulfillment than a child born in this untry. The other moment was in Warsaw, capital of a nation twice devastated by war in this century. There, people have rebuilt the city which war's destruction took from them. But what was new only emphasized clearly what was lost. What I saw in those two places crystalized for me the purposes of our own Nation's policy: to ensure enomic justice, to advance human rights, to resolve nflicts without violence, and to proclaim in our great democracy our nstant faith in the liberty and dignity of human beings everywhere. We Americans have a great deal of work to do together. In the end, how well we do that work will depend on the spirit in which we approach it. We must seek fresh answers, unhindered by the stale prescriptions of the past. It has been said that our best years are behind us. But I say again that America's best is still ahead. We have emerged from bitter experiences chastened but proud, nfident once again, ready to face challenges once again, and united once again. We me together tonight at a solemn time. Last week the Senate lost a good and honest man—Lee Metcalf of Montana. And today, the flag of the United States flew at half-mast from this Capitol and from American installations and ships all over the world, in mourning for Senator Hubert Humphrey. Because he exemplified so well the joy and the zest of living, his death reminds us not so much of our own mortality, but of the possibilities offered to us by life. He always looked to the future with a special American kind of nfidence, of hope and enthusiasm. And the best way that we can honor him is by following his example. Our task—to use the words of Senator Humphrey—is renciliation, rebuilding, and rebirth." Renciliation of private needs and interests into a higher purpose. Rebuilding the old dreams of justice and liberty, and untry and mmunity. Rebirth of our faith in the mmon good. "Each of us here tonight—and all who are listening in your homes—must rededicate ourselves to serving the mmon good. We are a mmunity, a beloved mmunity, all of us. Our individual fates are linked, our futures intertwined. And if we act in that knowledge and in that spirit, together, as the Bible says, we can move mountains.   Thank you very much." To the Congress of the United States: Tonight's State of the Union Address ncentrates on this year's highest priorities—a strong energy bill; a ordinated enomic program of job creation, tax reduction, tax reform and anti-inflation measures; making the government more effective and efficient; maintaining the peace through a strong national defense; and ratifying both the Panama Canal Treaties and, if mpleted, the SALT II treaty. It is important that the Congress and the Nation also understand what our other important initiatives and goals will be for . I am therefore sending to Congress this separate, more detailed State of the Union Message, which describes Administration priorities in the areas not fully vered in the Address. DOMESTIC AFFAIRS A number of serious domestic problems faced the Nation when I took office one year ago. The enomy had not yet fully revered from the recession; our untry had no sound energy policy; the Federal government was operating inefficiently and ineffectively in many areas; ncerns about the openness and integrity of our government remained in the aftermath of Watergate; and many of our most pressing social problems had not been addressed. In , my Administration did not solve all of those problems. But Congress joined us in tackling many of these issues, and together we made progress. Now that a year has passed, I believe we are a more nfident people, with more trust in our institutions. We are a untry on the move again, prepared to address our problems with boldness and nfidence, at home and abroad. We have reasserted our ncern for the problems of people here at home and reaffirmed our position of moral leadership in the world. This year, my domestic goals will ntinue to reflect those ncerns that guided my actions in : restoring enomic prosperity; meeting our Nation's human needs; making the government more efficient and more responsive; and developing and protecting our natural resources. RESTORING ECONOMIC PROSPERITY I am devoting a substantial part of my State of the Union Address to the need for a mprehensive enomic program, and I will devote the bulk of my Enomic Report to Congress, to be delivered tomorrow, to a mplete description of my Administration's enomic goals and objectives. In this Message, therefore, I will not repeat those statements but I want to set forth briefly the key elements of those proposals: "—a billion inme tax cut in , with billion going to individuals and their families and billion going to businesses;   —a tax reform program designed to make our tax laws fairer and simpler;" "—an anti-inflation program, designed to reduce annual increases in wages and prices, with the operation of labor and business and with the Federal government setting an example; reductions of billion in excise and payroll taxes will also make a ntribution to reducing inflation;   —an extension of the funding for , public service CETA) jobs, and a million increase in spending for our youth employment efforts;   —a major new million private sector jobs initiative, designed primarily to enurage businesses to hire unemployed minorities and youth." I plan to work very closely with Congress to secure prompt action on these enomic proposals. Their adoption will help achieve the kind of enomic prosperity for our Nation that all of us want. Along with a sound energy bill, enactment of these enomic proposals will be my highest domestic priority for . ENERGY There can be no higher priority than prompt enactment of mprehensive energy legislation along the lines submitted to the Congress last spring. Huge oil price increases in - ntributed to the double-digit inflation of , and to the worst recession in years. These price hikes were also the principal cause of our foreign trade deficit, which has ntributed to the weakness of the dollar abroad. Unless we act now, our energy problems will rapidly get worse. Failure to act will fuel inflation, erode the value of the dollar, render us vulnerable to disruptions in our oil supply, and limit our enomic progress in the years to me. I am nfident that the Congress will respond to the Nation's clear need, by enacting responsible and balanced energy legislation early this year. EMPLOYMENT Last year we made nsiderable progress in our efforts to reduce unemployment. The unemployment rate decreased from .% to .%. During the year, . million new jobs were created. Unemployment fell by . million workers. The actions we took as part of our billion enomic stimulus package substantially helped us achieve these favorable results. "In , the Administration will ntinue its efforts to reduce unemployment still further and to increase employment opportunities for all Americans. As part of the budget I will propose:   —additional funds to increase youth programs % above the level, providing . billion in outlays and , man-years of employment and training for young workers;   —a million private sector employment program focused on youth and other disadvantaged workers and aimed at mobilizing private industry to work with government in finding jobs. It will be implemented through business uncils established throughout the untry;   —maintenance of the , CETA jobs through , while tying them in future years to national unemployment rates; beginning of a demonstration program for the jobs mponent of the Better Jobs and Inme Program." Humphrey-Hawkins Legislation The Administration will seek passage of the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment and Balanced Growth Act. This Act will help the Administration and the Congress in planning our efforts to reduce unemployment and to create jobs, while maintaining reasonable price stability. Its enactment would serve as a living memorial to the late Senator Hubert Humphrey. Private Sector Jobs The Administration plans a major million effort to involve business and labor in the training and hiring of the hard-re unemployed. The program will closely tie the Federal employment system with the private sector, through the use of business uncils. I am nfident that the private sector will respond positively to the call to help the Nation solve one of its most serious problems the employment of our youth and minorities. INFLATION "Although inflation is lower now than in the recent past, we still must do more to keep it down. The steps my Administration will take include:   —incentives for business investment, ntained in our tax proposals, which will increase productive investment, and thereby help us hold down prices and sts;   —reduction in excise and unemployment taxes, proposed in the new budget;   —ntinuing reductions in needlessly mplex Federal regulations. We have established a high-level interagency mmittee to review the effects of regulation in our enomy, and we will ntinue our efforts for regulatory reform in the airline industry and elsewhere;   —a special effort to hold down the soaring sts of health care, through enactment of the Hospital Cost Containment Act." But the government cannot solve this problem alone especially once business, labor, and nsumers have accel)ted inflation as a fact of life, and adjusted their behavior acrdingly. I have therefore asked business and labor to undertake, voluntarily, a new program to reduce inflation. I will ask each industry to aim for smaller price and wage increases in than it averaged over the last two years. As a major employer the Federal government should take the lead in this effort. Voluntary operation is one way—perhaps the only way—to reduce inflation without unacceptable government interference and ercion. URBAN ASSISTANCE AND COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT The Administration and Congress took major steps last year to meet the needs of our cities. We increased funding for Community Development Block Grants by . billion over three years, and provided an alternative formula for allocating funds that was more responsive to the needs of distressed urban areas. Next year we will remmend an increase of million over the level for the Community Development Block Grant program. We enacted a new program of Urban Development Action Grants at an annual level of million, and extended and expanded Anti-Recession Fiscal Assistance ARFA). I am proposing that the ARFA program, which expires September , , be extended. We are evaluating possible revisions in programs and funding, and will make our remmendations to the Congress within two months. The Administration is also studying closely the possible need for extended Federal lending to New York City. The current legislation expires on June , . We are mmitted, along with the State and City, to preserving the City's solvency. If such extended lending is necessary for that purpose, we will propose it. However, all the interested parties must ntribute to a permanent solution. This spring I will submit to Congress a message outlining this Administration's urban policy, based on the work of the Urban and Regional Policy Group, chaired by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. It will be designed to make existing Federal programs more effective, and will involve new initiatives and resources to address our urban needs. The long-standing problems of our cities are structural in nature and cannot be rrected by short-term or one-time efforts. This Administration is mmitted to a long-term and ntinuing effort to meet stubborn problems and changing needs. Our urban policy proposals will: build a more effective partnership between the Federal government, State and local governments, the private sector, neighborhood groups and ncerned citizens; "—be sufficiently flexible to meet the diverse needs of our urban areas and to respond to particular problems of distressed areas;   —address the fiscal needs of hardpressed urban governments, as well as the enomic and social needs of city residents;   —improve the urban physical environment and strengthen urban mmunities;   —use Federal assistance to stimulate job-creating investments by the private sector and to enurage innovative actions by the State and local governments." AGRICULTURE AND RURAL DEVELOPMENT Decent farm inme and a strong family farm system are vital to our national enomic stability and strength. For too long farm prices for many mmodities have been severely depressed. Working with the Congress in the past year, we have adopted new programs and policies designed to strengthen farm inme and to ensure abundant, reasonably priced food for nsumers. Partially as a result of these policies and programs, farm prices are now improving. Nevertheless, we cannot be satisfied with the enomic ndition of many American farmers today. We will ntinue to monitor our agricultural enomy and to work with Congressional and farm leaders to make certain that Federal programs and policies are carried out effectively. Food and Agriculture Act "In the past year we have worked with the Congress to enact a new mprehensive Food and Agriculture Act, which will protect producers and nsumers. We have also exercised set-aside authority for wheat and feed grains, which will protect farm inme. This year we expect to pay farmers . billion for all price support programs. The new farm bill which became effective October , , achieves long-needed changes in our agricultural policies, including:   —minimal governmental intervention in markets and in the decisions farmers make;   —price support loans for major mmodities that permit us to remain mpetitive in world markets;   —a grain reserve designed to remove excess products from the market and hold them until supplies are short;" —inme support levels based on st- of-production. Grain Reserve Last year we initiated a plan to place - million metric tons of food and feed grains in reserve. Establishing this reserve will add further strength and stability to the market and provide a hedge against export ntrol on grain. Most of this grain will be owned and ntrolled by farmers. To strengthen farmer ntrol of the grain and to help keep the grain out of government ownership, terms of the farmer storage facility loan program were liberalized. In , the Administration will propose an international emergency grain reserve of up to million metric tons to help us meet our food aid mmitments abroad. Agricultural Disaster and Drought Aid Because of the rerd droughts in , I worked with Congress to pass an million Emergency Drought Assistance Program. This year we will ask Congress to eliminate the many innsistencies and inequities in existing disaster aid programs, and we will ntinue to give high priority to addressing the effects of the drought, which has begun to abate. We are taking other steps to improve life in rural America. I recently signed a law to enurage better delivery of health services in rural mmunities. We will ntinue to expand the assignment of the National Health Service Corps' doctors, dentists and other health professionals to underserved rural areas. We will shortly be announcing methods to improve the effectiveness of rural housing programs with greater emphasis on home ownership for rural Americans. Agricultural Exports I want to increase our agricultural exports. To do so we need mpetitive prices, high quality products, and reserve supplies to meet all ntingencies. We must remove unnecessary barriers to exports. And we must have an affirmative export policy. In , the Administration more than doubled to . billion) the short-term export credit program, increased Soviet grain purchase authorization to millions tons, developed a risk assurance program, and expanded efforts to develop export markets around the world. This year we will ntinue these efforts, especially to reduce barriers to agricultural trade. Sugar To stabilize world sugar prices and to protect domestic sugar-producers, we negotiated an international sugar agreement this year with the major sugar producing untries. We will seek Congressional ratification of the agreement early in . The sugar program required by the Food and Agricultural Act will protect the domestic sugar industry in the meantime. Rural Development and Credit Policy In fiscal year , the Farmers Home Administration provided nearly billion in loans in four areas: farming, housing, mmunity facilities and business and industrial development. We expect to provide at least billion more in the current fiscal year. SMALL BUSINESS This Administration took several steps in to strengthen small business. The Small Business Administration expanded its financial and management assistance to these firms and developed an advocacy program to represent small business interests before all Federal departments and agencies. In , we will ntinue efforts to support small business through tax cuts and special tax incentives, reduced regulations and other programmatic reforms, and expanded SBA loan authority. MEETING OUR NATION'S HUMAN NEEDS This Administration's nstant ncern has been with meeting the human needs of all Americans. Over the past year, we have moved on a number of fronts to make certain our citizens will be well housed, better educated, and properly cared for when they are in need. This year we will pursue our current initiatives in these areas and launch new ones. HEALTH "This past year we were very active in the effort to improve the health of our citizens and to restrain skyrocketing health care sts, through:   —Establishment of a Mental Health Commission to help develop a national mental health program. The Commission will issue its final report later this year, and I expect to carefully nsider the Commission's findings.   —A campaign to immunize the more than million children not yet protected against mmunicable childhood diseases.   —Reorganization of part of HEW to allow more efficient delivery of Medicare/Medicaid services. The st savings from the reorganizations will be realized more fully this year.   —Signing legislation to attack fraud and abuse in Medicare/Medicaid programs.   —Signing legislation to make Medicare/Medicaid reimbursement available to physician extenders in rural clinics. The beneficial effects of that bill will be felt in our Nation's rural areas for the first time this year." In , the Administration will ntinue these and other efforts to bring us better and less stly health care. Hospital Cost Containment One of my main legislative goals for this year is the Hospital Cost Containment Bill. That bill, which would save hospital users more than billion in the first two years after enactment, is our principal weapon in the effort to decrease health care sts, which now double every five years. National Health Insurance I will submit to Congress later this year a National Health Insurance proposal. While Congress will not have the time to mplete action on this proposal in , it is important to begin the national debate on the many mplex issues involved in National Health Insurance. National Health Insurance will not solve all our health problems. A sensible national health policy also requires more effective delivery of preventive services, better nutrition, vigorous abatement of environmental and occupational threats to health, and efforts to change individual lifestyles that endanger health. But National Health Insurance is a crucial step. It will protect our people from ruinous medical bills and provide each citizen with better access to sound and balanced health insurance verage. Medicaid Improvements for Children Last year I proposed the Child Health Assessment Program to improve the early and preventive screening, diagnosis and treatment program for lower-inme children under Medicaid. The Administration will press for enactment of this measure, and will urge its expansion to make an additional . million lower-inme children eligible. Teenage Pregnancy Proposal I will propose legislation to establish networks of mmunity based services to prevent unwanted adolescent pregnancies. We need and will urge expansion of existing family planning services to reach an additional , teenagers. Drug Abuse Drug Abuse threatens the health and safety of our children, here and abroad. We will ntinue the efforts begun last year to make our drug abuse prevention and ntrol programs more effective and efficient. World Health This year I will present a strategy for working directly with other nations and through international organizations to raise the standards of health and nutrition around the world. EDUCATION Last year the Congress adopted with our operation a % increase in education funding—the largest increase since enactment of the Elementary and Sendary Education Act. This year we will ntinue to demonstrate our mmitment to improving the Nation's education programs. HEW's education budget expenditures will be increased by with the most significant increases ming in education of the disadvantaged, assistance to State programs for education of the handicapped, and llege student financial aid. The Administration will also work with the Congress for the creation of a separate Cabinet-level Department of Education, and for legislation to replace and reform expiring Federal education acts. "These legislative proposals will ncentrate on:   —increasing basic literacy;   —ensuring that students are prepared for jobs;   —supporting post-sendary education and lifelong learning; and,   —strengthening the partnership between Federal, State, and local governments." To augment existing programs, I will propose legislation to help low and middle-inme families meet rising llege tuition sts, and will also support a significant expansion of student aid programs. INCOME ASSISTANCE Over the past year we have made many far-reaching improvements in the programs that provide inme assistance to the needy. My Administration will ntinue to assign great importance to this area in . Welfare Reform "I proposed last year a reform of the Nation's welfare system, through the Better Jobs and Inme Act. This Act would fundamentally reform current programs to assist the poor by:   —nsolidating the Aid to Families with Dependent Children, Supplemental Security Inme and Food Stamps programs into a single nsolidated cash assistance program that provides a basic nationally uniform Federal benefit;   —improving efforts to find jobs for the poor in the private sector, and creating up to . million public service jobs for heads of families who cannot be placed in unsubsidized employment; and   —improving work incentives by expanding the Earned Inme Tax Credit." We will work actively with the Congress in the ming year to pass the Better Jobs and Inme Act, and we will provide in this year's budget for pilot employment programs so we will be ready to implement the welfare reform program. Family and Children My Administration will ntinue its strong mmitment to strengthening the American family and to expanding programs for children. The Administration will propose this year that the school breakfast program be made mandatory in schools with high ncentrations of needy children. Further, we will propose a major expansion in special supplemental food programs for women, infants, and children. "Among other major actions in will be:   —nvening a White House Conference on Families;   —pressing for enactment of our proposed reforms in foster care programs including new financial assistance to aid in the adoption of hard-to-place children;   —more than doubling the budget outlays for child welfare services, with an emphasis on services that help keep families together;   —ntinuing million in special funding for day care under Title XX of the Social Security Act." We will also depend upon the revitalized Community Services Administration to develop new approaches to assist the poor. THE ELDERLY Last year saw the enactment of Social Security financing legislation that will assure the system's financial integrity into the next century. This year the Administration will ntinue to work for strengthened legislation against unwarranted age discrimination in the Federal and private sector. We will propose legislation to extend and strengthen the Older Americans Act and we will seek a % increase in funding for programs providing daily meals to the elderly, raising the total of daily meals served to ,. In addition, the Administration will work to assure that the ntributions of older Americans are sought in our efforts to meet national needs. HOUSING Last year we made progress toward our national goal of a decent home in a suitable environment for every American family. was a good year for housing, generally, with total new starts exceeding two million. And we have renewed the Federal government's mmitment to housing for the needy. Early last year, the Administration proposed major new initiatives to meet the housing needs of low- and moderate-inme Americans—initiatives which are central to our urban development strategy. We had about , starts under section and public housing subsidized programs in . We look forward to another percent increase in subsidized housing starts in these programs for , and , starts in the Assisted Housing Rehabilitation Loan Programs. We will reassess our national housing needs and goals and our current housing and credit policies designed to meet those needs. In , the Administration will strengthen its mmitment to meet the housing needs of all mmunities with a variety of expanded programs and new initiatives: —Rental housing assistance to an additional , low-inme families, and help to enable an additional , moderate-inme families to own their own homes. The total number of families receiving housing assistance will increase from . million in to . million in . —More funds for the rehabilitation loan program under section , with an expansion of existing programs for substantial renovations and the creation of a new moderate rehabilitation program under section . —A major new operating subsidy program for . This new program, upled with improved management ntrols and the monitoring of troubled projects, is intended to reduce the inventory of defaulted projects and aid in restoring distressed urban areas. The Department of Housing and Urban Development has made substantial progress in in reducing the stock of defaulted projects. This new program will give the Department additional tools. Outlays for this program are estimated to total million in . —A Federal financing mechanism for assisted housing projects through use of the GNMA Tandem program. —A targeted GNMA Tandem program which will provide subsidies designed to bring middle-inme families back to the cities. "—Targeting of rural housing programs to lower-inme residents, including a special program to help very poor families own their own homes.   —Continuing high levels of production of housing for the elderly and handicapped." TRANSPORTATION "This year we will build on the efforts we made last year to strengthen the Nation's transportation system by decreasing nsumer sts, pursuing increased energy efficiency, and improving safety:   —negotiation of a new US-UK bilateral air services agreement;   —approval of new international air routes from a number of American cities;   —requiring passive restraint systems on all new automobiles by ;   —setting new fuel efficiency standards for - model automobiles;   —beginning work on the Northeast Corridor Railroad Improvement Program;   —passing an all-cargo airline deregulation bill. We will also ntinue our policy of increasing mpetition and reducing airfares in international flights, and pursue additional bilateral agreements. Consumers have already benefited from reduced international fares and improved service." Highway and Transit Programs We will soon propose a mprehensive highway and transit program, which will provide more than billion in total authorizations in the - period. The program will give states and localities more flexibility in planning and programming their highway and transit funding, by reducing the number of narrow, categorical acunts and by using nsolidated acunts for a wider range of potential transportation projects. In addition, we will make funding of transportation programs more uniform and give localities more ntrol over highway and mass transit funds in large urban areas. Highway Safety The Administration will propose legislation to strengthen ore' efforts for highway safety and to reduce restrictions on the states' use of Federal highway safety grant funds. That legislation will earmark funds for the Department of Transportation to support important highway safety projects, such as the mile per hour speed limit program. Inland Waterway User Fees Users of Federal inland waterways should pay fees which will pay a substantial part of the st of nstructing, operating and maintaining those waterways. My Administration will ntinue to work closely with Congress toward passage of a bill that will, for the first time, establish inland waterway user fees. Aircraft Noise Abatement My Administration will again seek passage of legislation to ntrol aircraft noise. No-Fault Automobile Insurance We ntinue to support legislation to establish Federal minimum standards for no-fault automobile insurance. VETERANS In , we took a number of steps to make certain that the untry ntinues to meet the special needs of our millions of veterans. Legislation was passed to increase mpensation benefits for service nnected disabilities, benefits under the G.I. Bill, and veterans pension benefits. Millions of veterans will feel the effects of these increases this year. In , we will further improve our veterans programs by: —initiating a government-wide review of the problems of Vietnam veterans and the means by which current programs can be made more effective in meeting their needs; —beginning new programs to deal with problems of alhol, drug abuse and psychological readjustment; —proposing increased benefits for service-nnected disabilities, and improvements in the veterans pension program; —ntinuing special employment programs for Vietnam-era veterans. ARTS AND HUMANITIES Americans are increasingly aware that the arts and humanities preserve and transmit our heritage, enrich our lives, and ntribute significantly to the social and enomic well-being of our Nation. This Administration is mmitted to fostering the highest standards of creativity and scholarship in an open partnership between public and private sectors—and we believe that the products of this mmitment must be available to the many Americans who wish to share in them. This year's substantial increases in the budgets for the Arts and Humanities Endowments demonstrate my strong belief in the value of these programs. MAKING THE GOVERNMENT MORE EFFICIENT AND MORE RESPONSIVE GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES Civil Service Reform "The Civil Service System is too often a bureaucratic maze which stifles the initiative of our dedicated Government employees while inadequately protecting their rights. Our . million civil servants are governed by outdated rules and institutions that keep them from being as efficient as they would like to be. No one is more frustrated by this system than hard-working public servants. Therefore, one of my major priorities in will be to ensure passage of the first mprehensive reform of the system since its creation nearly a century ago—reforms developed with the direct involvement of civil servants. Early this year, Congress will receive legislation and a reorganization plan to:   —restructure the institutions that run the Civil Service;   —increase safeguards against abuses of official power;   —provide greater incentives for managers to improve the Government's efficiency and responsiveness;   —reduce the system's red tape and delays;   —speed the procedures for dealing with employee grievances and disciplinary actions;   —make equal employment opportunities more effective. Last year the Administration acted to protect Federal employees from the loss of a job due to reorganization. Such protection will be maintained." Hatch Act Reform I will ntinue to support reform of the Hatch Act, which would restore the right of most Civil Service employees to participate in the political process. Part-time and Flexi-time Employment To help obtain Federal jobs for the elderly, the handicapped, women, and others with family responsibilities, all Federal agencies will carry forward renewed efforts to increase part-time and flexi-time employment opportunities. REORGANIZATION, MANAGEMENT AND REGULATORY REFORM The Government Reorganization Project will keep working to make the Government more responsive and efficient. Last year we mbined parts of agencies into one Department of Energy, streamlined the Executive Office of the President and reduced the White House Staff, and proposed the abolition of nearly advisory mmittees and small agencies. In addition to the upming Civil Service and education reform efforts, we will soon submit proposals: —to restructure our equal employment programs to provide better protection for the rights of minorities and women, and to ease the burden of mpliance on State and local government as well as business; —to improve the administration of justice; and —to reorganize our disaster assistance programs. Additional studies are under way in many other areas, and several of these will result in reorganization proposals later this year. Efforts to improve Federal cash management ntinue. We are also vigorously pursuing the effort begun last year to reduce the burden of outdated, ineffective, and nitpicking regulations. For example, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare eliminated % of their regulations, the Federal Trade Commission rescinded outdated sets of rules on trade practices and both the Civil Aeronautics Board and the Interstate Commerce Commission have moved to allow more mpetition, which has led to lower prices. In , we will ntinue these efforts. Worker Health and Safety The Occupational Health and Safety Administration has already slashed its paperwork requirements by % and eliminated , unnecessary regulations, while improving its capacity to protect workers. This spring the Task Force on Worker Safety will make further remmendations to increase protection for workers and minimize employer st. Airline Regulatory Reform Last year, I signed legislation deregulating all cargo air transportation. This year, I will ntinue to work for passage of the airline regulatory reform bill for passengers. That bill will allow air carriers to mpete through lower fares, new services, and new markets, without excessive government interference or disruption of service to small mmunities. Trucking Regulatory Reform Forty years of tight government ntrols have not done enough to bring us mpetitive prices, good service, and efficient use of fuel. We will nsider measures to bring more mpetition into the motor carrier area. Drugs We will propose legislation to reform regulation of the drug industry, which will protect the nsumer and make regulations fairer and less burdensome. Regulatory Process Early in , I will issue an Executive Order to improve the regulatory process. This Order will require officials responsible for regulations to sign them; assure that policy-level officials are fully involved in the process; require that regulations be written in plain English; make it easier for the public to participate in the process; increase ordination between agencies with overlapping responsibilities; require a closer look at the st of regulations before they are issued; and require sunset" reviews of existing regulations. I have also set up an interagency mmittee to help regulatory agencies review the enomic effects of major regulations, so that we can be sure that the sts of each proposed regulation have been fully nsidered. In this way we will be able to identify the least stly means of achieving our regulatory goals. Paperwork Reduction In , my Administration decreased by % the paperwork burden that the Government imposes on the people. This was done by eliminating, nsolidating, simplifying, and decreasing the frequency of reports. That savings is the equivalent of , full-time workers filling out Federal forms for a full year. All departments and agencies are currently setting goals for further substantial reductions in . All reporting requirements associated with grant-in-aid programs will be subject to sunset" review and ended unless they are found necessary. In addition, we are reviewing the remmendations of the Commission on Federal Paperwork. LABOR LAW REFORM Last year we proposed legislation to reform our Nation's labor laws, in order to streamline the nduct of elections for employee representation and strengthen the enforcement powers of the National Labor Relations Board. We will work closely with Congress to ensure early passage of this bill, which is one of my highest legislative goals this year. ELECTION REFORM Last year, I supported proposals to make our elections fairer and more honest. These included public financing of Congressional campaigns, amendments to the Federal Election Campaign Act and other election reforms. The Administration will ntinue to support Congressional action on these measures. CONSUMER REFORM We have taken many actions to benefit nsumers by reducing the sts and improving the quality and safety of products. But one nsumer initiative merits separate emphasis—the creation of the Office of Consumer Representation. We supported legislation last year to create such an Office, so that the interests of nsumers uld be represented in one government agency. The Office would not require additional government employees or expenditures since it would merely nsolidate the nsumer offices that already exist throughout the government. I am strongly mmitted to this legislation, and regard its enactment as one of the year's primary legislative priorities. PUBLIC BROADCASTING REFORM I proposed legislation last year to strengthen the public broadcasting service by providing increased long-term Federal support, insulation from political pressure, better ordination among the national organizations that run public broadcasting, and more opportunity for citizens to participate at the local level. My Administration will work with Congress this year to pass these reforms. OPENNESS AND INTEGRITY One of our primary goals is to make certain that the government's ethical standards are high, and that they are fully observed. And we must ensure that our government is open and responsive to the American people. Last year, I took steps in that direction by requiring that the senior officials of my Administration publicly disclose their inme and assets and pledge not to do business with their agencies for two years after leaving government service. To increase the government's openness, we took steps to make certain that the as well as the letter of the Freedom of Information Act was observed. And we tried to bring the Presidency to the people with citizen forums and discussion panels throughout the untry. This year, we will ntinue these efforts, ncentrating our primary attention on these areas: Lobby Reform The Administration will press for legislation requiring registration of lobbyists and thorough public disclosure of their lobbying activities. This long-overdue legislation will help reestablish nfidence and trust in government. Ethics I applaud the strong ethical des adopted last year by the House and Senate. I believe those des and the standards established for my Administration's officials should be made law, so that they will clearly apply to public officials in the future. I urge Congress to pass the Public Officials Integrity Act this year. Classification We are mpleting a study of classification systems for government documents and I will shortly issue an Executive Order designed to eliminate improper and unnecessary classification and to ensure that documents are declassified more rapidly. JUSTICE Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity All Americans have fundamental civil rights requiring government protection and all must be afforded equal opportunities to participate as full members in our society. In , this principle guided my Administration in numerous areas, and I plan to make certain that this year our efforts on behalf of civil rights and equal opportunities ntinue unabated. Our Nation's ncern for human rights must be heard as clearly at home as abroad. Educational Opportunities In , my Administration vigorously attacked educational discrimination on the elementary, sendary and higher education levels. A major suit was pursued to ensure non-discrimination at the university level. At the same time, we regnized and reaffirmed the importance of affirmative action programs to ensure equal opportunities at educational institutions through our brief in the Bakke case. Our efforts to eliminate discrimination and promote affirmative action programs, relying on flexible goals rather than on quotas, will ntinue in full force. Handicapped HEW issued regulations and guidelines to implement legislation guaranteeing equal access to programs receiving financial assistance from HEW. This year the other Cabinet Departments will issue similar regulations, so that the rights of handicapped Americans will begin to be fully observed. We are providing a million loan fund to States and institutions to enable them to mply with these regulations and to eliminate barriers which prevent access by our handicapped citizens to federally assisted programs and activities. We are proposing a major increase in funding under the Education of all Handicapped Children Act. Equal Opportunity This past year the Administration reaffirmed Executive Order , which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in Federal employment. In addition, I voluntarily placed the Executive Office of the President under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. This year, as part of our effort to eliminate sex discrimination in unemployment and education, I will ntinue to urge the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution. This past year the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission was reorganized to increase its efficiency. As a result, the Commission made substantial progress on reducing its backlog of mplaints. With the more than % increase in funding that will be proposed in the budget, the EEOC will be able to further reduce its backlog. Early this year I will propose to Congress a reorganization plan ncerning equal opportunity enforcement which will strengthen the EEOC. Anti-Foreign Boytt I strongly supported, and signed, legislation to prohibit American participation in sendary enomic boytts by foreign untries. That law will be strictly enforced by my Administration this year through the regulations just issued by the Department of Commerce. Minority Business Last year, we started a number of programs to make more opportunities available for minority-owned businesses. That effort will be ntinued and strengthened this year: —We are half way toward our two year goal of billion in Federal purchases of services and goods from minority-owned firms. We will reach that goal by the end of the year. —We will raise the goal for Federal deposits in minority-owned banks above the level of billion. —We will ntinue to enforce the million minority business set-aside provision in the local public works act, and may exceed that target. "—We will ntinue to implement the minority business set-aside policy established for ntracts let in the North-   east Corridor Railroad Improvement Program." Undocumented Aliens Last year, I proposed legislation to impose sanctions on employers who hire undocumented aliens and to change the legal status of the many undocumented aliens now residing in this untry. That legislation would afford undocumented aliens residing here ntinuously since before the opportunity to apply for permanent resident status. It would create a new five-year temporary resident status for those undocumented aliens who resided here ntinuously from to January , . I want to work with Congress this year toward passage of an undocumented aliens bill, for this social and enomic problem can no longer be ignored. Native Americans The Administration has acted nsistently to uphold its trusteeship responsibility to Native Americans. We also have elevated the post of Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the level of Assistant Secretary of Interior. In , the Administration will review Federal Native American policy and will step up efforts to help Indian tribes assess and manage their natural resources. LEGAL AND JUDICIAL REFORM Last year, my Administration began a number of major efforts to improve our Nation's legal and judicial system, and we intend to pursue those and related efforts fully this year. Criminal Code Reform We have worked closely with members of Congress to develop a proposed revision of the Nation's Criminal Code. That revision will dify in one part of the U.S. Code all Federal crime laws and will reform many outdated and innsistent criminal laws. My Administration will work closely with Congress this year to seek passage of the first mplete dification of the Nation's criminal laws. Judicial Reform The Federal judicial system has suffered for many years from an inadequate number of judges, and we will ntinue to work with Congress on an Omnibus Judgeship Bill to rrect this problem. We will also ntinue our efforts to use our judges more effectively, through legislation which we have proposed to expand significantly the authority of magistrates, to increase the use of arbitration, and to tighten Federal jurisdiction. We will work this year to mplete Congressional action on these bills. Wiretap Reform Last year we proposed legislation reforming our approach to electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence purposes, and affording greater protection to our citizens. Essentially, that legislation would require the government to obtain a urt order before beginning any foreign intelligence wiretaps in this untry. My Administration supports early passage of this much needed legislation. Anti-trust Enforcement and Competition Our Nation's anti-trust laws must be vigorously enforced. Therefore, I recently established a Presidential Commission to review Federal anti-trust enforcement, and to make its remmendations this year. Last year, we initiated a new program, administered by the Department of Justice, to provide grant funds to State Attorneys General in order to strengthen anti-trust enforcement at the State level. We expect to see the results of this program this year. By reducing government regulation, we can increase mpetition and thereby lower nsumer sts. This year we will ntinue our deregulatory efforts in the legislative and administrative areas in order to reduce anti-mpetitive practices and abuses. Crime Reduction and Criminal Justice "This past year the Reorganization Project and the Justice Department have been developing proposals to reorganize and to improve our Nation's criminal justice system, in order to strengthen enforcement and ensure equal justice. This year I will be sending a Message to Congress on criminal justice and crime reduction. My Message will include proposals to:   —reorganize the Federal Law Enforcement Assistance Administration;   —improve our criminal research efforts;   —develop better law enforcement methods against organized crime, white llar crime, drug abuse, and public rruption; and   —develop minimum standards for Federal rrectional institutions." FBI and Intelligence Agencies' Charters I plan to issue a mprehensive Executive Order to govern the intelligence activities of the FBI, CIA, NSA and the Defense Department. That Executive Order will be the basis for the Administration's remmendations on legislative charters governing the activities of the FBI and various intelligence agencies. Privacy The Privacy Protection Study Committee recently proposed an extensive list of new legislative and regulatory safeguards. My Administration is analyzing these recent proposals and will develop this year a program to ensure that personal privacy is adequately protected. District of Columbia We proposed last year a series of reforms, including full voting representation in Congress, designed to give the residents of the District significantly greater ntrol over their local affairs. My Administration will ntinue to work for the passage of those reforms this year. DEVELOPING AND PROTECTING OUR NATURAL RESOURCES ENERGY National Energy Policy "In April , I proposed to the Nation a mprehensive national energy policy. That policy is based on three principles, which will ntinue to guide our progress in :   —we must learn to use energy more efficiently and more carefully, through nservation measures, including retrofitting our buildings, factories and homes;   —we must shift from oil and natural gas, which are beming more scarce, to al and renewable sources of energy which we have in abundance;   —we must provide fair prices to producers of energy, so as to enurage development of new supplies without permitting windfall profits." The debate on this mprehensive policy has been long and arduous. A number of difficult, ntentious issues remain to be settled. I am nfident, however, that the Congress regnizes the seriousness of our energy problem and will act expeditiously on this program early this year. Securing passage of an acceptable energy bill—one which is fair to nsumers, provides needed energy savings, and is prudent from a fiscal and budgetary standpoint—will ntinue as our highest and most urgent national priority in . Energy Statutes and Actions We have already begun to lay a strong foundation for implementation of a national energy policy. In we took steps to put in place important policies and structural reforms needed to meet our energy goals: —Creation of a new Department of Energy which mbines, for the first time, major governmental functions of energy research, regulation, pricing policy, information llection and dissemination, and overall policy development. Without a strong organization, we would not hope to implement a mprehensive national policy. —Congress has approved our proposed route for a pipeline to bring natural gas from the North Slope of Alaska to the lower states. —Passage of the Emergency Natural Gas Act to pe with the hardships of last winter's freeze and assure that high priority gas users were not cut off during supply emergencies. —Funding of more than billion to store the first million barrels of oil in a strategic petroleum reserve. We have already begun to fill that reserve, and we remain mmitted to a billion barrel strategic reserve by . Outer Continental Shelf Legislation Legislation to improve the management of the Outer Continental Shelf for oil and gas development is a major item of unfinished business pending before Congress. Prompt passage is necessary so that we can have the benefit of the new law as we move to open more offshore areas to development and production. This bill mandates long-needed reforms in the leasing program to provide for the necessary development of offshore oil and gas while enhancing mpetition among oil mpanies, assuring that the public receives a fair return for the sale of the public's oil and gas resources, and protecting our marine and astal resources. Nuclear Energy The United States has also advanced a policy to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons around the world. An International Nuclear Fuel Cycle Evaluation has been established with wide international participation to examine alternatives to existing proliferation-prone technologies. In addition, legislation was proposed last year to establish better ntrols on export of nuclear fuels and technologies. We will work with Congress to secure passage of that legislation early in . Our mmitment to preventing the spread of nuclear weapons has led us to reorient our own domestic nuclear policies. I have deferred indefinitely the mmercial reprocessing of spent nuclear fuel and plutonium recycling. The Clinch River Plant itself would waste more than billion while teaching us little that we do not already know, or cannot learn from our existing nuclear research and development program. I have remmended that the Clinch River Breeder Project be stopped, because it represents a premature and unwise mmitment to mmercialization of technology that we do not now need. However, we intend to ntinue to develop the nuclear energy the Nation needs. We will ntinue to move forward with a major research program on breeder technology. We will begin to implement our program for government management of spent fuel from nuclear reactors. In , my Administration will work towards a policy for safe, permanent disposal of nuclear wastes. In and beyond, we will carry on a vigorous nuclear research and development program designed to give us safe technologies that will reduce the danger of nuclear proliferation and will be environmentally responsible. We will also seek to improve the current system of licensing nuclear power reactors in order to cut bureaucratic delays, while firmly maintaining and strengthening health, safety and environmental requirements. I will propose nuclear licensing legislation to the Congress this year. ENVIRONMENT One of my deepest personal mmitments is to a clean, healthy environment for all of our citizens. Last May, I outlined this Administration's environmental priorities and policies in a mprehensive Environmental Message. Working closely with the Congress, we have made good progress on many of the measures ntained in that Message; it will ntinue to guide our administrative and legislative actions in . Overall, we will: —increase our environmental outlays by more than and provide the new staff resources necessary to ensure that the Nation's environmental laws are obeyed; —determine the best way of enforcing the landmark environmental statutes enacted in , taking nsiderations of science and public policy into acunt; —pursue several important initiatives, including a National Heritage program and designation of national interest lands in Alaska, to manage our precious natural resources better and to preserve our heritage. Environmental Statutes In , we worked closely with Congress to enact three of the most significant environmental statutes in recent years: —The Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act establishes a joint Federal-State program to make sure we use enomically and environmentally sound strip-mining practices. It also sets up a fund to reclaim lands which have been ravaged by unntrolled, careless mining, and provides clear, stable policy direction for operators. —The Clean Air Act Amendments establish strict but achievable standards for auto emissions and ensure ntinued progress in reducing pollution from stationary air pollution sources. —The Clean Water Act authorizes many of our most important water cleanup programs and will protect our Nation's wetlands without unnecessary Federal requirements. The Act also reforms the sewage treatment nstruction grant program and gives strong emphasis to the ntrol of toxic chemicals in our environment. We will provide the leadership and the funding necessary to carry out these new laws. Water Policy In , an effort was begun to ensure that Federal programs and policies provide sound and fair management of our limited and valuable water resources. We. began a mplete review of Federal water policy, which will be mpleted this year. After close nsultation with the Congress, the States, and the public, we will propose measures needed to carry out the remmendations of that study. We will also ntinue with the strong dam safety inspection program which was initiated late last year to make sure our dams, public or private, are safe. Alaska Lands Last year, I sent Congress a proposal for use of Federal lands in Alaska. This proposal will protect million acres for the public, will create or expand national parks and reserves, national wildlife refuges, and will nfer wild and scenic river status on waterways. I hope Congress will adopt these measures, which are needed this year to preserve the unique natural treasures of Alaska and, at the same time, permit the orderly development of Alaskan resources. Redwood National Park Redwood National Park ntains some of the Nation's largest and oldest trees. Last year, to protect these trees from destruction by mmercial logging at the edges of the Park, legislation was proposed to expand its boundaries. We will press for Congressional action on this bill in . National Heritage Program We will shortly be proposing a Federal-State program to preserve unique elements of our natural and cultural heritage. This program, modeled after successful ones in several states, will be administered by the Department of the Interior. Although many of the necessary steps can be taken administratively, we will seek some new legislative authority in . Federal Compliance with Environmental Laws My Administration is mmitted to the principle that the Federal government must set a good example of mpliance with those environmental laws and regulations which have been established for the private sector. So far, unfortunately, the Federal rerd has been found wanting. My budget includes money to bring Federal facilities into mpliance with existing environmental laws and regulations. Federal Reclamation In , we began a thorough review of the Reclamation Act. After the study has been mpleted and reviewed this year, I will propose to Congress any changes needed to modernize the law. Mining Law Reform Last year the Administration proposed legislation to replace the archaic Mining Law with a modern leasing system for publicly-owned mineral resources. The system has resulted in withdrawal of large areas of land from mineral exploration as the only tool for environmental protection. The Administration's proposal would establish a balanced system where the public interests in mineral development, environmental protection and revenue to the U.S. Treasury will all be acmplished. Special provisions would minimize burdens on small operators and provide incentives for exploration. Oil Spills Last year I proposed to Congress legislation which would establish strict liability standards for oil tanker spills and would improve regulations aimed at preventing future oil spills. That legislation is still needed. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY The health of American science and technology and the creation of new knowledge is important to our enomic well-being, to our national security, to our ability to help solve pressing national problems in such areas as energy, environment, health, natural resources. I am remmending a program of real growth of scientific research and other steps that will strengthen the Nation's research centers and enurage a new surge of technological innovation by American industry. The budget increase of % for basic research will lead to improved opportunities for young scientists and engineers, and upgraded scientific equipment in the Nation's research centers. I am determined to maintain our Nation's leadership role in science and technology. We will ntinue America's progress in the field of space exploration with ntinued development of the space shuttle system and procurement of four shuttle orbiters for operations from both East and West asts, development of a spacecraft to study for the first time the polar regions of the Sun, and increased outlays for demonstrations of the practical applications of space-based systems and development of space technology. FOREIGN AFFAIRS A year ago I set five goals for United States foreign policy in the late 's and early 's: to reassert America's moral leadership; to strengthen our traditional ties with friends and allies; to work toward a more just international system; to promote regional renciliation; and to preserve peace through preparedness and arms ntrol. These goals ntinue to underlie my agenda for . MORAL LEADERSHIP During the past year, we have placed American foreign policy on a new urse nsistent with the values and highest ideals of the American people. We are trying to limit the worldwide sale of arms; we are trying to prevent nuclear explosives—and the ability to make them—from spreading to more untries; we are building a new relationship with the developing untries, and we are promoting human rights throughout the world. Human Rights Virtually everywhere, human rights have beme an important issue—especially in untries where they are systematically violated. There has been real progress, and for that the United States can take some credit. We have taken the lead among Western nations at the Belgrade Review Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe. Working closely with our Allies, and with neutral and non-aligned nations, our delegation—led by Ambassador Arthur Goldberg—has nducted a thorough review of implementation of the Helsinki Final Act, in all its aspects. We have made clear the United States is mmitted to the full implementation of the Final Act in this and other areas. We will seek a further Review Conference in two years; meanwhile, we will press for better implementation of the Helsinki Final Act. Non-Proliferation We must not ignore the enormous dangers posed by the unrestrained spread of nuclear weapons technology. We regnize the benefits of mmercial nuclear power, but we also must acknowledge the risks. We believe that all untries can enjoy the benefits, while the risks are minimized, by developing safer technologies and creating new institutions to manage and safeguard all phases of the nuclear fuel cycle. Meanwhile, we have decided to postpone a premature mmitment to technologies we cannot yet safely manage on a mmercial scale; and we are seeking to persuade others that there are sound enomic and energy reasons for them to do likewise. Arms Sales The world is threatened by the spiraling increase in trade of nventional arms. Not only do these arms increase the likelihood of nflict, they also divert resources from other human needs. It will not be easy to slow this spiral. We will begin to cut back on our own sales in regnition of the fact that, as the world's principal seller, we have a duty to take the first step. But we know that our efforts can only succeed if other major arms suppliers and recipients operate. TIES WITH FRIENDS AND ALLIES The energy crisis has undersred the reality of interdependence among nations and the need for a stable international financial and trading system. Our own actions reflect the belief that nsultations with traditional friends and dialogue with developing nations are the only way that the United States can provide the enomic and political leadership which the world expects of us. Working with the Allies During the past year, the United States restored our traditional friends and allies to the center of our foreign policy. Within days after his inauguration, the Vice President visited Brussels, Rome, Bonn, Paris, Reykjavik, and Tokyo. I met frequently in Washington with European and Japanese leaders. I participated in the Enomic Summit in London, the NATO Summit, and a Four-Power Summit with leaders of Britain, Germany, and France. At the beginning of , I visited France and Belgium—and while in Brussels, made the first visit by an American President to the headquarters of the European Community. We have also nsulted with our European Allies on such diverse subjects as SALT, MBFR, the Middle East, Africa, human rights, the Belgrade Conference, energy, nonproliferation, the global enomy, and North-South relations. We will intensify these efforts this year, expanding the list to include close nsultations with the Allies on major arms ntrol issues. On May -, we will host a NATO Summit in Washington, and we are also planning another Enomic Summit this year. We have shown in our dealings with Japan that close allies can find solutions to shared problems. Early in the year, we were ncerned about nuclear reprocessing in Japan, but through flexibility and goodwill on both sides a suitable acmmodation was reached on the building of a nuclear reprocessing plant there. Most recently, we reached agreement with the Japanese on ways to deal with their large current acunt surplus. Our trade and enomic talks are another example of nstructive action. International Enomic Cooperation We are working to improve and extend the international enomic system, to strengthen international enomic institutions, and to ensure that international enomic mpetition takes place in an orderly fashion. We will seek to improve operation among nations in the IMF, the GATT, the World Bank, the OECD, and other international organizations which have enabled us to maintain an open, liberal, trade and payments system. The American enomy remains strong. Our mpetitive position in international trade is excellent. In our merchandise exports exceeded imports except for oil) by a large amount. Our inflation rate is among the lowest in the industrial world. But our balance of trade and payments incurred a large and worrisome deficit. There were two main causes: —In , billion flowed out to pay for imported oil. This wiped out what would otherwise have been a trade surplus. —The demand here for foreign goods was much greater than the demand for American goods abroad. In , American GNP increased roughly twice as fast in real terms as the GNP of our main trading partners. Against this background, the exchange rate of the dollar declined relative to the currencies of Japan, Germany, Switzerland, and other European untries. These developments led to disorderly nditions in the exchange markets. In December I made clear that the United States would intervene to unter these disorders, and we have done so. To assure the integrity of the dollar we must act now: —We need a healthy and growing United States enomy, with adequate investment, a prudent budget, and declining inflation. This will make us more mpetitive and more attractive to foreign investors. —We need to nserve energy and develop alternative sources of supply. This will reduce our dependence on imported oil, and cut the outflow of dollars. —We need to see a more vigorous world enomy. Stronger growth, particularly in untries like Germany, Japan, Switzerland, and the Netherland, can help reduce our own deficits and bring stability to international payments. Factors already at work will reduce our trade deficit. Enomic activity in Europe and elsewhere should rise. Our oil imports should level off this year. The effect of new exchange rates that have already occurred will, when their full effect is realized, improve our trade balance by several billions of dollars. While our trade and payments deficit in will be large, our external position should show some improvement. We must also augment our capacity to deal with possible strains and pressures by strengthening our international trade and monetary system. I urge the Congress to act promptly to approve United States participation in the IMF's Supplementary Financing Facility. The trading nations of the world are engaged in negotiations to reduce barriers and improve the international trading system by a reciprocal and balanced opening of markets. Freer trade will enable us all to use the world's resources more efficiently and will ntribute to enomic growth. We will also attempt to strengthen the rules that have regulated international trade during the last years. International mpetition must take place within a framework of agreed rules that are regnized as appropriate and fair. THE DEVELOPING COUNTRIES One of the most critical issues facing the United States is our enomic and political relationship with developing untries. Our enomy has beme visibly dependent on the developing world for supplies and markets. North-South Dialogue Throughout and the United States and other developed untries worked with a group of developing nations in the Conference of International Enomic Cooperations CIEC). That North-South Dialogue" reached agreement on some issues in June , but there remain a number of unresolved questions. The United States will ntinue to nsult and negotiate with developing untries on questions like mmodity price stabilization, technology, and a mmon fund for international buffer stocks. We will pursue the North-South dialogue in the months ahead, nfident that the developed nations and the developing nations can agree upon measures that will let all nations participate more fully in the management of the world enomy. Africa Our relations with Africa involve energy, human rights, enomic development, and the North-South dialogue. The Maputo and Lagos Conferences demonstrated that African untries can discuss difficult problems with us, to mutual advantage. Our relations with Nigeria have improved dramatically. The Administration's FY budget substantially increases development assistance to Africa, including ntinued support for the African Development Fund, and other programs to help African governments meet their people's basic human needs. The growth of African regional institutions like the Sahel Development Fund is important to African development. Latin-America/Caribbean The Administration's approach to Latin America and the Caribbean regnizes this region's diversity. We have placed great importance on the protection and defense of human rights, on halting the proliferation of nuclear weapons capabilities, on restraining nventional arms sales, on ntributing to the settlement of disputes, and on engaging Latin governments in global enomic negotiations. We are now seeking Senate ratification of Protol I of the Treaty of Tlatelol, and the American Convention on Human Rights. Through the Caribbean Group, we are trying to promote regional development. And we intend to help several nations develop alternative energy sources. Panama General Torrijos and I signed the two Panama Canal Treaties on September . These treaties meet the legitimate interests of Panama and the United States and guarantee our permanent right to protect and defend the Canal. They will ntribute importantly to regional stability. Asia The United States has sought to underline our desire for a close relationship with the developing untries of Asia through my visit to that ntinent and through regular ntacts with the member untries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. We welme the operation with ASEAN of the developed untries of the region, such as Japan and Australia. PROMOTING REGIONAL RECONCILIATION The greatest danger to world peace and stability is not war among the great powers, but war among small nations. During the past year, the United States has helped to promote productive negotiations in two troubled regions: the Middle East and Southern Africa. We have also tried to settle nflicts in the Horn of Africa and on Cyprus. And we have negotiated two Panama Canal Treaties that will enhance our untry's relations with all the nations of Latin America. The Middle East In an effort to break with the rigid approaches of the past and bring about an overall peace settlement, I have looked to three basic principles: normalization of political, enomic and cultural relations through peace treaties; withdrawal of armed forces from occupied territory to regnized and secure borders and the establishment of effective security measures; and a resolution of the Palestinian question. Significant progress toward peace in the Middle East was made last year; we particularly applaud President Sadat's urageous initiative, reciprocated by Prime Minister Begin, in launching direct negotiations. The United States will ntinue this year to enurage all parties to resolve this deep-seated nflict. Southern Africa The entering Administration inherited problems in Rhodesia, Namibia, and South Africa. —With the British, the United States launched new Rhodesian discussions last year. The Anglo-American Plan of September sets forth fair and workable principles for majority rule: a transition period leading to free elections, a UN presence, a nstitution with a judicially protected bill of rights, and a Zimbabwe Development Fund. —The five-power Contact Group, in which the United States participates, has held discussions with South Africa and with the Southwest Africa Peoples Organization and other interested parties on an internationally acceptable settlement for an independent Namibia under majority rule. This effort has produced wide agreement, including provisions for a substantial UN presence. —The United States has told the South African Prime Minister that unless his nation begins a progressive transformation toward full political participation for all its people, our relations will suffer. We supported a Union Nations arms embargo on South Africa, prohibited gray area" sales, and began a review of us/ South African enomic relations. The Horn of Africa Arms supplied by the Soviet Union now fuel both sides of a nflict in the Horn of Africa between Somalia and Ethiopia. There is a danger that the Soviet Union and Cuba will mmit their own soldiers in this nflict, transforming it from a local war to a nfrontation with broader strategic implications. We deplore the fact that disagreements in this region have grown—with the assistance of outside powers—into bloody nflict. We have made clear to both sides that we will supply no arms for aggressive purposes. We will not regnize forcible changes in boundaries. We want to see the fighting end and the parties move from the battlefield to the negotiating table. Cyprus We hope that the groundwork was laid in for a permanent settlement in Cyprus and we are enuraging movement in that direction. PRESERVING PEACE During the past year, the Administration has assessed the threats to our own and our Allies' security, as well as our llective strength to mbat these threats. We have sought to promote responsible arms ntrol efforts and to reduce mpetition in arms. Regnizing that a strong defense is the foundation of our security, we have made certain that our defense spending will be sufficient and used to maximum effect. Arms Control The fundamental purposes of our arms limitations efforts are to promote our own national security and to strengthen international stability, thereby enhancing the prospects for peace everywhere. —We are trying to move the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks toward more ambitious objectives. We want to reduce, not just ntain, the mpetition in the number of strategic weapons possessed by the United States and the Soviet Union, and to limit qualitative improvements in weapons which merely raise the risks to all of us. Precisely because of our determination to obtain both of these objectives negotiations have been difficult and prolonged. However, I am nfident that the agreement that we will present to the Congress will meet them. —We have also made solid progress toward an objective that the United States has pursued for many years: a mprehensive treaty banning all nuclear explosions. This treaty will be open to all nations of the world. It will be a major step toward reduced reliance on these weapons and toward halting their further spread in the world. —At the same time we are seeking arms limitations agreements with the Soviet Union that will ntribute to security and stability in various regions of the world. In Europe we and our NATO Allies are seeking a mutual and balanced force reductions agreement that will achieve greater stability and balance at lower levels of forces. In the Indian Ocean, where neither we nor the Soviet Union has yet deployed military power on a large scale, we are working for an agreement to prevent a major military mpetition. —For the first time, we have begun to negotiate with the Soviet Union the outlines of a treaty banning chemical warfare. —An essential element of American security is the maintenance of stability in the Western Pacific, where the United States plays a major role in maintaining a balance of power. We are seeking to readjust our military presence in Korea by reducing our ground forces on the Peninsula and undertaking mpensatory measures to ensure that an adequate balance of forces remain. We are talking with the Filipino government about the future of our military bases there. —We are ntinuing the process of normalization of our relations with the People's Republic of China within the framework of the Shanghai Communiqué. —In the last year, we have sought to halt the worldwide spread of nuclear weapons capacity. Nearly nations have joined with us in an effort to find nuclear power sources that cannot be readily used for building nuclear weapons. Defense Posture/Budget The defense budget that I am remmending to Congress will fulfill our most pressing defense needs. I am requesting increases in defense spending that more than mpensate for inflation. They are needed to maintain an adequate military balance in the face of ntinued Soviet military efforts. —As we negotiate with the Soviets over strategic arms, we are ntinuing to preserve essential equivalence in strategic nuclear strength. Here our technological advantage over the Soviet Union is most apparent. We are building cruise missiles, which together with upgraded B-s will assure the capability of this element of our Triad. We are ntinuing to develop the M-X missile system in case we need to deploy them. In this budget, I am requesting funds for ntinued increase in our Trident submarine force, which is our most important strategic program because submarines are so hard for any enemy to destroy. —With our NATO Allies we are trying to improve the initial mbat capability of NATO forces. We will improve the readiness of critical mbat units, enhance American capability to send ground and tactical air forces reinforcements, and increase our permanent forces there. To lay the foundation for future improvements, the budget I propose requests % increases in the procurement of equipment for the Army. The United States is not taking these steps alone; we are participating in a mutual effort. —The importance of sea forces to United States national security is undisputed. The Navy receives the largest share of the defense budget, and I am requesting funds to ntinue its modernization. But, we need to examine the appropriate size and mix of United States naval forces in the future. Therefore, I have deferred spending for new aircraft carriers until a current Defense Department study is mpleted early this year. While we maintain our naval strength, we should have the capability to deploy rapidly a light but effective mbat force worldwide, if necessary, without overseas base support. To this end, I am requesting funds for a vigorous airlift enhancement program. In these and other ways, we are seeking to develop a foreign policy which is wider in spe; a foreign policy which regnizes global diversity; and a foreign policy which builds a more just and stable international system. "JIMMY CARTER   The White House,   January , ." Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the th Congress, and distinguished guests: In acrdance with the Constitution, I me before you once again to report on the state of the Union. This report will be my last--maybe--[laughter]--but for the Union it is only the first of such reports in our third century of independence, the close of which none of us will ever see. We can be nfident, however, that years from now a freely elected President will me before a freely elected Congress chosen to renew our great Republic's pledge to the Government of the people, by the people, and for the people. For my part I pray the third century we are beginning will bring to all Americans, our children and their children's children, a greater measure of individual equality, opportunity, and justice, a greater abundance of spiritual and material blessings, and a higher quality of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The state of the Union is a measurement of the many elements of which it is mposed--a political union of diverse States, an enomic union of varying interests, an intellectual union of mmon nvictions, and a moral union of immutable ideals. Taken in sum, I can report that the state of the Union is good. There is room for improvement, as always, but today we have a more perfect Union than when my stewardship began. As a people we disvered that our Bicentennial was much more than a celebration of the past; it became a joyous reaffirmation of all that it means to be Americans, a nfirmation before all the world of the vitality and durability of our free institutions. I am proud to have been privileged to preside over the affairs of our Federal Government during these eventful years when we proved, as I said in my first words upon assuming office, that our Constitution works; our great Republic is a Government of laws and not of men. Here the people rule." The people have spoken; they have chosen a new President and a new Congress to work their will. I ngratulate you--particularly the new Members--as sincerely as I did President-elect Carter. In a few days it will be his duty to outline for you his priorities and legislative remmendations. Tonight I will not infringe on that responsibility, but rather wish him the very best in all that is good for our untry. During the period of my own service in this Capitol and in the White House, I can recall many orderly transitions of governmental responsibility--of problems as well as of position, of burdens as well as of power. The genius of the American system is that we do this so naturally and so normally. There are no soldiers marching in the street except in the Inaugural Parade; no public demonstrations except for some of the dancers at the Inaugural Ball; the opposition party doesn't go underground, but goes on functioning vigorously in the Congress and in the untry; and our vigilant press goes right on probing and publishing our faults and our follies, nfirming the wisdom of the framers of the first amendment. Because of the transfer of authority in our form of government affects the state of the Union and of the world, I am happy to report to you that the current transition is proceeding very well. I was determined that it should; I wanted the new President to get off on an easier start than I had. When I became President on August , , our Nation was deeply divided and tormented. In rapid succession the Vice President and the President had resigned in disgrace. We were still struggling with the after-effects of a long, unpopular, and bloody war in Southeast Asia. The enomy was unstable and racing toward the worst recession in years. People were losing jobs. The st of living was soaring. The Congress and the Chief Executive were at loggerheads. The integrity of our nstitutional process and other institutions was being questioned. For more than years domestic spending had soared as Federal programs multiplied, and the expense escalated annually. During the same period our national security needs were steadily shortchanged. In the grave situation which prevailed in August , our will to maintain our international leadership was in doubt. I asked for your prayers and went to work. In January I reported to the Congress that the state of the Union was not good. I proposed urgent action to improve the enomy and to achieve energy independence in years. I reassured America's allies and sought to reduce the danger of nfrontation with potential adversaries. I pledged a new direction for America. was a year of difficult decisions, but Americans responded with realism, mmon sense, and self-discipline. By January we were headed in a new direction, which I hold to be the right direction for a free society. It was guided by the belief that successful problem-solving requires more than Federal action alone, that it involves a full partnership among all branches and all levels of government and public policies which nurture and promote the creative energies of private enterprises, institutions, and individual citizens. A year ago I reported that the state of the Union was better--in many ways a lot better--but still not good enough. Common sense told me to stick to the steady urse we were on, to ntinue to restrain the inflationary growth of government, to reduce taxes as well as spending, to return local decisions to local officials, to provide for long-range sufficiency in energy and national security needs. I resisted the immense pressures of an election year to open the floodgates of Federal money and the temptation to promise more than I uld deliver. I told it as it was to the American people and demonstrated to the world that in our spirited political mpetition, as in this chamber, Americans can disagree without being disagreeable. Now, after months as your President, I can say that while we still have a way to go, I am proud of the long way we have me together. I am proud of the part I have had in rebuilding nfidence in the Presidency, nfidence in our free system, and nfidence in our future. Once again, Americans believe in themselves, in their leaders, and in the promise that tomorrow holds for their children. I am proud that today America is at peace. None of our sons are fighting and dying in battle anywhere in the world. And the chance for peace among all nations is improved by our determination to honor our vital mmitments in defense of peace and freedom. I am proud that the United States has strong defenses, strong alliances, and a sound and urageous foreign policy. Our alliances with major partners, the great industrial democracies of Western Europe, Japan, and Canada, have never been more solid. Consultations on mutual security, defense, and East-West relations have grown closer. Collaboration has branched out into new' fields such as energy, enomic policy, and relations with the Third World. We have used many avenues for operation, including summit meetings held among major allied untries. The friendship of the democracies is deeper, warmer, and more effective than at any time in years. We are maintaining stability in the strategic nuclear balance and pushing back the specter of nuclear war. A decisive step forward was taken in the Vladivostok Acrd which I negotiated with General Secretary Brezhnev-joint regnition that an equal ceiling should be placed on the number of strategic weapons on each side. With resolve and wisdom on the part of both nations, a good agreement is well within reach this year. The framework for peace in the Middle East has been built. Hopes for future progress in the Middle East were stirred by the historic agreements we reached and the trust and nfidence that we formed. Thanks to American leadership, the prospects for peace in the Middle East are brighter than they have been in three decades. The Arab states and Israel ntinue to look to us to lead them from nfrontation and war to a new era of acmmodation and peace. We have no alternative but to persevere, and I am sure we will. The opportunities for a final settlement are great, and the price of failure is a return to the bloodshed and hatred that for too long have brought tragedy to all of the peoples of this area and repeatedly edged the world to the brink of war. Our relationship with the People's Republic of China is proving its importance and its durability. We are finding more and more mmon ground between our two untries on basic questions of international affairs. In my two trips to Asia as President, we have reaffirmed America's ntinuing vital interest in the peace and security of Asia and the Pacific Basin, established a new partnership with Japan, nfirmed our dedication to the security of Korea, and reinforced our ties with the free nations of Southeast Asia. An historic dialog has begun between industrial nations and developing nations. Most proposals on the table are the initiatives of the United States, including those on food, energy, technology, trade, investment, and mmodities. We are well launched on this process of shaping positive and reliable enomic relations between rich nations and poor nations over the long term. We have made progress in trade negotiations and avoided protectionism during recession. We strengthened the international monetary system. During the past years the free world's most important enomic powers have already brought about important changes that serve both developed and developing enomies. The momentum already achieved must be nurtured and strengthened, for the prosperity of the rich and poor depends upon it. In Latin America, our relations have taken on a new maturity and a sense of mmon enterprise. In Africa the quest for peace, racial justice, and enomic progress is at a crucial point. The United States, in close operation with the United Kingdom, is actively engaged in this historic process. Will change me about by warfare and chaos and foreign intervention? Or will it me about by negotiated and fair solutions, ensuring majority rule, minority rights, and enomic advance? America is mmitted to the side of peace and justice and to the principle that Africa should shape its own future, free of outside intervention. American leadership has helped to stimulate new international efforts to stem the proliferation of nuclear weapons and to shape a mprehensive treaty governing the use of oceans. I am gratified by these acmplishments. They nstitute a rerd of broad success for America and for the peace and prosperity of all mankind. This administration leaves to its successor a world in better ndition than we found. We leave, as well, a solid foundation for progress on a range of issues that are vital to the well-being of America. What has been achieved in the field of foreign affairs and what can be acmplished by the new administration demonstrate the genius of Americans working together for the mmon good. It is this, our remarkable ability to work together, that has made us a unique nation. It is Congress, the President, and the people striving for a better world. I know all patriotic Americans want this Nation's foreign policy to succeed. I urge members of my party in this Congress to give the new President loyal support in this area. I express the hope that this new Congress will reexamine its nstitutional role in international affairs. The exclusive right to declare war, the duty to advise and nsent on the part of the Senate, the power of the purse on the part of the House are ample authority for the legislative branch and should be jealously guarded. But because we may have been too careless of these powers in the past does not justify ngressional intrusion into, or obstruction of, the proper exercise of Presidential responsibilities now or in the future. There can be only one Commander in Chief. In these times crises cannot be managed and wars cannot be waged by mmittee, nor can peace be pursued solely by parliamentary debate. To the ears of the world, the President speaks for the Nation. While he is, of urse, ultimately acuntable to the Congress, the urts, and the people, he and his emissaries must not be handicapped in advance in their relations with foreign governments as has sometimes happened in the past. At home I am enuraged by the Nation's revery from the recession and our steady return to sound enomic growth. It is now ntinuing after the recent period of uncertainty, which is part of the price we pay for free elections. Our most pressing need today and the future is more jobs--productive, permanent jobs created by a thriving enomy. We must revise our tax system both to ease the burden of heavy taxation and to enurage the investment necessary for the creation of productive jobs for all Americans who want to work. Earlier this month I proposed a permanent inme tax reduction of billion below current levels, including raising the personal exemption from to ,. I also remmended a series of measures to stimulate investment, such as accelerated depreciation for new plants and equipment in areas of high unemployment, a reduction in the rporate tax rate from to percent, and eliminating the present double taxation of dividends. I strongly urge the Congress to pass these measures to help create the productive, permanent jobs in the private enomy that are so essential for our future. All the basic trends are good; we are not on the brink of another recession or enomic disaster. If we follow prudent policies that enurage productive investment and disurage destructive inflation, we will me out on top, and I am sure we will. We have successfully cut inflation by more than half. When I took office, the Consumer Price Index was rising at . percent a year. During the rate of inflation was percent. We have created more jobs--over million more jobs today than in the spring of . Throughout this Nation today we have over million people in useful, productive jobs--more than at any other time in our Nation's history. But there are still too many Americans unemployed. This is the greatest regret that I have as I leave office. We brought about with the Congress, after much delay, the renewal of the general revenue sharing. We expanded mmunity development and Federal manpower programs. We began a significant urban mass transit program. Federal programs today provide more funds for our States and local governments than ever before-- billion for the current fiscal year. Through these programs and others that provide aid directly to individuals, we have kept faith with our tradition of mpassionate help for those who need it. As we begin our third century we can be proud of the progress that we have made in meeting human needs for all of our citizens. We have cut the growth of crime by nearly percent. Two years ago crime was increasing at the rate of percent annually. In the first three quarters of , that growth rate had been cut to percent. But crime, and the fear of crime, remains one of the most serious problems facing our citizens. We have had some successes, and there have been some disappointments. Bluntly, I must remind you that we have not made satisfactory progress toward achieving energy independence. Energy is absolutely vital to the defense of our untry, to the strength of our enomy, and to the quality of our lives. Two years ago I proposed to the Congress the first mprehensive national energy program--a specific and ordinated set of measures that would end our vulnerability to embargo, blockade, or arbitrary price increases and would mobilize U.S. technology and resources to supply a significant share of the free world's energy after . Of the major energy proposals I submitted years ago, only half, belatedly, became law. In we were dependent upon foreign oil imports for percent of our needs. Today, we are -percent dependent, and we'll pay out billion for foreign oil this year. Such vulnerability at present or in the future is intolerable and must be ended. The answer to where we stand on our national energy effort today reminds me of the old argument about whether the tank is half full or half empty. The pessimist will say we have half failed to achieve our -year energy goals; the optimist will say that we have half succeeded. I am always an optimist, but we must make up for lost time. We have laid a solid foundation for mpleting the enormous task which nfronts us. I have signed into law five major energy bills which ntain significant measures for nservation, resource development, stockpiling, and standby authorities. We have moved forward to develop the naval petroleum reserves; to build a -million barrel strategic petroleum stockpile; to phase out unnecessary Government allocation and price ntrols; to develop a lasting relationship with other oil nsuming nations; to improve the efficiency of energy use through nservation in automobiles, buildings, and industry; and to expand research on new technology and renewable resources such as wind power, geothermal and solar energy. All these actions, significant as they are for the long term, are only the beginning. I recently submitted to the Congress my proposals to reorganize the Federal energy structure and the hard choices which remain if we are serious about reducing our dependence upon foreign energy. These include programs to reverse our declining production of natural gas and increase incentives for domestic crude oil production. I proposed to minimize environmental uncertainties affecting al development, expand nuclear power generation, and create an energy independence authority to provide government financial assistance for vital energy programs where private capital is not available. We must explore every reasonable prospect for meeting our energy needs when our current domestic reserves of oil and natural gas begin to dwindle in the next decade. I urgently ask Congress and the new administration to move quickly on these issues. This Nation has the resources and the capability to achieve our energy goals if its Government has the will to proceed, and I think We do. I have been disappointed by inability to mplete many of the meaningful organizational reforms which I ntemplated for the Federal Government, although a start has been made. For example, the Federal judicial system has long served as a modal for other urts. But today it is threatened by a shortage of qualified Federal judges and an explosion of litigation claiming Federal jurisdiction. I mmend to the new administration and the Congress the recent report and remmendations of the Department of Justice, undertaken at my request, on the needs of the Federal Courts." I especially endorse its proposals for a new mmission on the judicial appointment process. While the judicial branch of our Government may require reinforcement, the budgets and payrolls of the other branches remain staggering. I cannot help but observe that while the White House staff and the Executive Office of the President have been reduced and the total number of civilians in the executive branch ntained during the 's, the legislative branch has increased substantially although the membership of the Congress remains at . Congress now sts the taxpayers more than a million dollars per Member; the whole legislative budget has passed the billion dollar mark. [ set out to reduce the growth in the size and spending of the Federal Government, but no President can acmplish this alone. The Congress sidetracked most of my requests for authority to nsolidate overlapping programs and agencies, to return more decisionmaking and responsibility to State and local governments through block grants instead of rigid categorical programs, and to eliminate unnecessary red tape and outrageously mplex regulations. We have made some progress in cutting back the expansion of government and its intrusion into individual lives, but believe me, there is much more to be done--and you and I know it. It can only be done by tough and temporarily painful surgery by a Congress as prepared as the President to face up to this very real political problem. Again, I wish my successor, working with a substantial majority of his own party, the best of success in reforming the stly and cumbersome machinery of the Federal Government. The task of self-government is never finished. The problems are great; the opportunities are greater. America's first goal is and always will be peace with honor. America must remain first in keeping peace in the world. We can remain first in peace only if we are never send in defense. In presenting the state of the Union to the Congress and to the American people, I have a special obligation as Commander in Chief to report on our national defense. Our survival as a free and independent people requires, above all, strong military forces that are well equipped and highly trained to perform their assigned mission. I am particularly gratified to report that over the past ½ years, we have been able to reverse the dangerous decline of the previous decade in real resources this untry was devoting to national defense. This was an immediate problem I faced in . The evidence was unmistakable that the Soviet Union had been steadily increasing the resources it applied to building its military strength. During this same period the United States real defense spending declined. In my three budgets we not only arrested that dangerous decline, but we have established the positive trend which is essential to our ability to ntribute to peace and stability in the world. The Vietnam war, both materially and psychologically, affected our overall defense posture. The dangerous anti-military sentiment disuraged defense spending and unfairly disparaged the men and women who serve in our Armed Forces. The challenge that now nfronts this untry is whether we have the national will and determination to ntinue this essential defense effort over the long term, as it must be ntinued. We can no longer afford to oscillate from year to year in so vital a matter; indeed, we have a duty to look beyond the immediate question of budgets and to examine the nature of the problem we will face over the next generation. I am the first recent President able to address long-term, basic issues without the burden of Vietnam. The war in Indochina nsumed enormous resources at the very time that the overwhelming strategic superiority we once enjoyed was disappearing. In past years, as a result of decisions by the United States, our strategic forces leveled off, yet the Soviet Union ntinued a steady, nstant buildup of its own forces, mmitting a high percentage of its national enomic effort to defense. The United States can never tolerate a shift in strategic balance against us or even a situation where the American people or our allies believe the balance is shifting against us. The United States would risk the most serious political nsequences if the world came to believe that our adversaries have a decisive margin of superiority. To maintain a strategic balance we must look ahead to the 's and beyond. The sophistication of modern weapons requires that we make decisions now if we are to ensure our security years from now. Therefore, I have nsistently advocated and strongly urged that we pursue three critical strategic programs: the Trident missile launching submarine; the B- bomber, with its superior capability to penetrate modern air defenses; and a more advanced interntinental ballistic missile that will be better able to survive nuclear attack and deliver a devastating retaliatory strike. In an era where the strategic nuclear forces are in rough equilibrium, the risks of nflict below the nuclear threshold may grow more perilous. A major, long-term objective, therefore, is to maintain capabilities to deal with, and thereby deter, nventional challenges and crises, particularly in Europe. We cannot rely solely on strategic forces to guarantee our security or to deter all types of aggression. We must have superior naval and marine forces to maintain freedom of the seas, strong multipurpose tactical air forces, and mobile, modern ground forces. Acrdingly, I have directed a long-term effort to improve our worldwide capabilities to deal with regional crises. I have submitted a -year naval building program indispensable to the Nation's maritime strategy. Because the security of Europe and the integrity of NATO remain the rnerstone of American defense policy, I have initiated a special, long-term program to ensure the capacity of the Alliance to deter or defeat aggression in Europe. As I leave office I can report that our national defense is effectively deterring nflict today. Our Armed Forces are capable of carrying out the variety of missions assigned to them. Programs are underway which will assure we can deter war in the years ahead. But I also must warn that it will require a sustained effort over a period of years to maintain these capabilities. We must have the wisdom, the stamina, and the urage to prepare today for the perils of tomorrow, and I believe we will. As I look to the future--and I assure you I intend to go on doing that for a good many years--I can say with nfidence that the state of the Union is good, but we must go on making it better and better. This gathering symbolizes the nstitutional foundation which makes ntinued progress possible, synchronizing the skills of three independent branches of Government, reserving fundamental sovereignty to the people of this great land. It is only as the temporary representatives and servants of the people that we meet here, we bring no hereditary status or gift of infallibility, and none follows us from this place. Like President Washington, like the more fortunate of his successors, I look forward to the status of private citizen with gladness and gratitude. To me, being a citizen of the United States of America is the greatest honor and privilege in this world. From the opportunities which fate and my fellow citizens have given me, as a Member of the House, as Vice President and President of the Senate, and as President of all the people, I have me to understand and place the highest value on the checks and balances which our founders imposed on government through the separation of powers among -equal legislative, executive, and judicial branches. This often results in difficulty and delay, as I well know, but it also places supreme authority under God, beyond any one person, any one branch, any majority great or small, or any one party. The Constitution is the bedrock of all our freedoms. Guard and cherish it, keep honor and order in your own house, and the Republic will endure. It is not easy to end these remarks. In this Chamber, along with some of you, I have experienced many, many of the highlights of my life. It was here that I stood years ago with my freshman lleagues, as Speaker Sam Rayburn administered the oath. I see some of you now--Charlie Bennett, Dick Bolling, Carl Perkins, Pete Rodino, Harley Staggers, Tom Steed, Sid Yates, Clem Zablocki-and I remember those who have gone to their rest. It was here we waged many, many a lively battle--won some, lost some, but always remaining friends. It was here, surrounded by such friends, that the distinguished Chief Justice swore me in as Vice President on December , . It was here I returned months later as your President to ask not for a honeymoon, but for a good marriage. I will always treasure those memories and your many, many kindnesses. I thank you for them all. My fellow Americans, I once asked you for your prayers, and now I give you mine: May God guide this wonderful untry, its people, and those they have chosen to lead them. May our third century be illuminated by liberty and blessed with brotherhood, so that we and all who me after us may be the humble servants of thy peace. Amen. Good night. God bless you. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the th Congress, and distinguished guests: As we begin our Bicentennial, America is still one of the youngest nations in rerded history. Long before our forefathers came to these shores, men and women had been struggling on this planet to forge a better life for themselves and their families. In man's long, upward march from savagery and slavery--throughout the nearly , years of the Christian calendar, the nearly , years of Jewish reckoning--there have been many deep, terrifying valleys, but also many bright and towering peaks. One peak stands highest in the ranges of human history. One example shines forth of a people uniting to produce abundance and to share the good life fairly and with freedom. One union holds out the promise of justice and opportunity for every citizen: That union is the United States of America. We have not remade paradise on Earth. We know perfection will not be found here. But think for a minute how far we have me in years. We came from many roots, and we have many branches. Yet all Americans across the eight generations that separate us from the stirring deeds of , those who know no other homeland and those who just found refuge among our shores, say in unison: I am proud of America, and I am proud to be an American. Life will be a little better here for my children than for me. I believe this not because I am told to believe it, but because life has been better for me than it was for my father and my mother. I know it will be better for my children because my hands, my brains, my voice, and my vote can help make it happen. It has happened here in America. It has happened to you and to me. Government exists to create and preserve nditions in which people can translate their ideas into practical reality. In the best of times, much is lost in translation. But we try. Sometimes we have tried and failed. Always we have had the best of intentions. But in the recent past, we sometimes forgot the sound principles that guided us through most of our history. We wanted to acmplish great things and solve age-old problems. And we became overnfident of our abilities. We tried to be a policeman abroad and the indulgent parent here at home. We thought we uld transform the untry through massive national programs, but often the programs did not work. Too often they only made things worse. In our rush to acmplish great deeds quickly, we trampled on sound principles of restraint and endangered the rights of individuals. We unbalanced our enomic system by the huge and unprecedented growth of Federal expenditures and borrowing. And we were not totally honest with ourselves about how much these programs would st and how we would pay for them. Finally, we shifted our emphasis from defense to domestic problems while our adversaries ntinued a massive buildup of arms. The time has now me for a fundamentally different approach for a new realism that is true to the great principles upon which this Nation was founded. We must introduce a new balance to our enomy--a balance that favors not only sound, active government but also a much more vigorous, healthy enomy that can create new jobs and hold down prices. We must introduce a new balance in the relationship between the individual and the government--a balance that favors greater individual freedom and self-reliance. We must strike a new balance in our system of federalism--a balance that favors greater responsibility and freedom for the leaders of our State and local governments. We must introduce a new balance between the spending on domestic programs and spending on defense--a balance that ensures we will fully meet our obligation to the needy while also protecting our security in a world that is still hostile to freedom. And in all that we do, we must be more honest with the American people, promising them no more than we can deliver and delivering all that we promise. The genius of America has been its incredible ability to improve the lives of its citizens through a unique mbination of governmental and free citizen activity. History and experience tells us that moral progress cannot me in mfortable and in mplacent times, but out of trial and out of nfusion. Tom Paine aroused the troubled Americans of to stand up to the times that try men's souls because the harder the nflict, the more glorious the triumph. Just a year ago I reported that the state of the Union was not good. Tonight, I report that the state of our Union is better--in many ways a lot better--but still not good enough. To paraphrase Tom Paine, was not a year for summer soldiers and sum shine patriots. It was a year of fears and alarms and of dire forecasts--most of which never happened and won't happen. As you recall, the year opened with ranr and with bitterness. Political misdeeds of the past had neither been forgotten nor forgiven. The longest, most divisive war in our history was winding toward an unhappy nclusion. Many feared that the end of that foreign war of men and machines meant the beginning of a domestic war of recrimination and reprisal. Friends and adversaries abroad were asking whether America had lost its nerve. Finally, our enomy was ravaged by inflation--inflation that was plunging us into the worse recession in four decades. At the same time, Americans became increasingly alienated from big institutions. They were steadily losing nfidence, not just in big government but in big business, big labor, and big education, among others. Ours was a troubled land. And so, was a year of hard decisions, difficult mpromises, and a new realism that taught us something important about America. It brought back a needed measure of mmon sense, steadfastness, and self-discipline. Americans did not panic or demand instant but useless cures. In all sectors, people met their difficult problems with the restraint and with responsibility worthy of their great heritage. Add up the separate pieces of progress in , subtract the setbacks, and the sum total shows that we are not only headed in a new direction, a direction which I proposed months ago, but it turned out to be the right direction. "It is the right direction because it follows the truly revolutionary American ncept of , which holds that in a free society the making of public policy and successful problemsolving involves much more than government. It involves a full partnership among all branches and all levels of government, private institutions, and individual citizens.   Common sense tells me to stick to that steady urse." Take the state of our enomy. Last January, most things were rapidly getting worse. This January, most things are slowly but surely getting better. The worst recession since World War II turned around in April. The best st-of-living news of the past year is that double-digit inflation of percent or higher was cut almost in half. The worst--unemployment remains far too high. Today, nearly ,, more Americans are working than at the bottom of the recession. At year's end, people were again being hired much faster than they Were being laid off. Yet, let's be honest. Many Americans have not yet felt these changes in their daily lives. They still see prices going up far too fast, and they still know the fear of unemployment. "We are also a growing nation. We need more and more jobs every year. Today's enomy has produced over million jobs for Americans, but we need a lot more jobs, especially for the young.   My first objective is to have sound enomic growth without inflation." We all know from recent experience what runaway inflation does to ruin every other worthy purpose. We are slowing it. We must stop it ld. For many Americans, the way to a healthy, noninflationary enomy has beme increasingly apparent. The Government must stop spending so much and stop borrowing so much of our money. More money must remain in private hands where it will do the most good. To hold down the st of living, we must hold down the st of government. In the past decade, the Federal budget has been growing at an average rate of over percent a year. The budget I am submitting Wednesday cuts this rate of growth in half. I have kept my promise to submit a budget for the next fiscal year of billion. In fact, it is . billion. By holding down the growth of Federal spending, we can afford additional tax cuts and return to the people who pay taxes more decisionmaking power over their own lives. Last month I signed legislation to extend the tax reductions for the first months of this year. I now propose that effective July , , we give our taxpayers a tax cut of approximately billion more than Congress agreed to in December. My broader tax reduction would mean that for a family of four making , a year, there will be more in take-home pay annually. Hardworking Americans caught in the middle can really use that kind of extra cash. My remmendations for a firm restraint on the growth of Federal spending and for greater tax reduction are simple and straightforward. For every dollar saved in cutting the growth in the Federal budget, we can have an added dollar of Federal tax reduction. We can achieve a balanced budget by if we have the urage and the wisdom to ntinue to reduce the growth of Federal spending. One test of a healthy enomy is a job for every American who wants to work. Government--our kind of government--cannot create that many jobs. But the Federal Government can create nditions and incentives for private business and industry to make more and more jobs. Five out of six jobs in this untry are in private business and in industry. Common sense tells us this is the place to look for more jobs and to find them faster. I mean real, rewarding, permanent jobs. To achieve this we must offer the American people greater incentives to invest in the future. My tax proposals are a major step in that direction. To supplement these proposals, I ask that Congress enact changes in Federal tax laws that will speed up plant expansion and the purchase of new equipment. My remmendations will ncentrate this job-creation tax incentive in areas where the unemployment rate now runs over percent. Legislation to get this started must be approved at the earliest possible date. Within the strict budget total that I will remmend for the ming year, I will ask for additional housing assistance for , families. These programs will expand housing opportunities, spur nstruction, and help to house moderate- and low-inme families. We had a disappointing year in the housing industry in . But with lower interest rates and available mortgage money, we can have a healthy revery in . A necessary ndition of a healthy enomy is freedom from the petty tyranny of massive government regulation. We are wasting literally millions of working hours sting billions of taxpayers' and nsumers' dollars because of bureaucratic redtape. The American farmer, who now feeds million Americans, but also millions worldwide, has shown how touch more he can produce without the shackles of government ntrol. Now, we badly need reforms in other key areas in our enomy: the airlines, trucking, railroads, and financial institutions. I have submitted ncrete plans in each of these areas, not to help this or that industry, but to foster mpetition and to bring prices down for the nsumer. This administration, in addition, will strictly enforce the Federal antitrust laws for the very same purposes. Taking a longer look at America's future, there can be neither sustained growth nor more jobs unless we ntinue to have an assured supply of energy to run our enomy. Domestic production of oil and gas is still declining. Our dependence on foreign oil at high prices is still too great, draining jobs and dollars away from our own enomy at the rate of per year for every American. Last month, I signed a mpromise national energy bill which enacts a part of my mprehensive energy independence program. This legislation was late, not the mplete answer to energy independence, but still a start in the right direction. I again urge the Congress to move ahead immediately on the remainder of my energy proposals to make America invulnerable to the foreign oil cartel. My proposals, as all of you know, would reduce domestic natural gas shortages; allow production from Federal petroleum reserves; stimulate effective nservation, including revitalization of our railroads and the expansion of our urban transportation systems; develop more and cleaner energy from our vast al resources; expedite clean and safe nuclear power production; create a new national energy independence authority to stimulate vital energy investment; and accelerate development of technology to capture energy from the Sun and the Earth for this and future generations. Also, I ask, for the sake of future generations, that we preserve the family farm and family-owned small business. Both strengthen America and give stability to our enomy. I will propose estate tax changes so that family businesses and family farms can be handed down from generation to generation without having to be sold to pay taxes. I propose tax changes to enurage people to invest in America's future, and their own, through a plan that gives moderate-inme families inme tax benefits if they make long-term investments in mmon stock in American mpanies. The Federal Government must and will respond to clear-cut national needs-for this and future generations. Hospital and medical services in America are among the best in the world, but the st of a serious and extended illness can quickly wipe out a family's lifetime savings. Increasing health sts are of deep ncern to all and a powerful force pushing up the st of living. The burden of catastrophic illness can be borne by very few in our society. We must eliminate this fear from every family. I propose catastrophic health insurance for everybody vered by Medicare. To finance this added protection, fees for short-term care will go up somewhat, but nobody after reaching age will have to pay more than a year for vered hospital or nursing home care, nor more than for year's doctor bills. We cannot realistically afford federally dictated national health insurance providing full verage for all million Americans. The experience of other untries raises questions about the quality as well as the st of such plans. But I do envision the day when we may use the private health insurance system to offer more middle-inme families high quality health services at prices they can afford and shield them also from their catastrophic illnesses. Using resources now available, I propose improving the Medicare and other Federal health programs to help those who really need protection--older people and the poor. To help States and local governments give better health care to the poor, I propose that we mbine existing Federal programs, including Medicaid, into a single billion Federal grant. Funds would be divided among States under a new formula which provides a larger share of Federal money to those States that have a larger share of low-inme families. I will take further steps to improve the quality of medical and hospital care for those who have served in our Armed Forces. Now let me speak about social security. Our Federal social security system for people who have worked and ntributed to it for all their lives is a vital part of our enomic system. Its value is no longer debatable. In my budget for fiscal year , I am remmending that the full st-of-living increases in the social security benefits be paid during the ming year. But I am ncerned about the integrity of our Social Security Trust Fund that enables people--those retired and those still working who will retire--to unt on this source of retirement inme. Younger workers watch their deductions rise and wonder if they will be adequately protected in the future. We must meet this challenge head on. Simple arithmetic warns all of us that the Social Security Trust Fund is headed for trouble. Unless we act soon to make sure the fund takes in as much as it pays out, there will be no security for old or for young. I must, therefore, remmend a three-tenths of percent increase in both employer and employee social security taxes effective January , . This will st each vered employee less than extra dollar a week and will ensure the integrity of the trust fund. As we rebuild our enomy, we have a ntinuing responsibility to provide a temporary cushion to the unemployed. At my request, the Congress enacted two extensions and two expansions in unemployment insurance which helped those who were jobless during . These programs will ntinue in . In my fiscal year budget, I am also requesting funds to ntinue proven job training and employment opportunity programs for millions of other Americans. Compassion and a sense of mmunity--two of America's greatest strengths throughout our history-- tell us we must take care of our neighbors who cannot take care of themselves. The host of Federal programs in this field reflect our generosity as a people. But everyone realizes that when it mes to welfare, government at all levels is not doing the job well. Too many of our welfare programs are inequitable and invite abuse. Too many of our welfare programs have problems from beginning to end. Worse, we are wasting badly needed resources without reaching many of the truly needy. Complex welfare programs cannot be reformed overnight. Surely we cannot simply dump welfare into the laps of the States, their local taxpayers, or their private charities, and just walk away from it. Nor is it the right time for massive and sweeping changes while we are still revering from the recession. Nevertheless, there are still plenty of improvements that we can make. I will ask Congress for Presidential authority to tighten up the rules for eligibility and benefits. Last year I twice sought long overdue reform of the scandal-riddled food stamp program. This year I say again: Let's give food stamps to those most in need. Let's not give any to those who don't need them. Protecting the life and property of the citizen at home is the responsibility of all public officials, but is primarily the job of local and State law enforcement authorities. Americans have always found the very thought of a Federal police force repugnant, and so do I. But there are proper ways in which we can help to insure domestic tranquility as the Constitution charges us. My remmendations on how to ntrol violent crime were submitted to the Congress last June with strong emphasis on protecting the innocent victims of crime. To keep a nvicted criminal from mmitting more crimes, we must put him in prison so he cannot harm more law-abiding citizens. To be effective, this punishment must be swift and it must be certain. Too often, criminals are not sent to prison after nviction but are allowed to return to the streets. Some judges are reluctant to send nvicted criminals to prison because of inadequate facilities. To alleviate this problem at the Federal level, my new budget proposes the nstruction of four new Federal facilities. To speed Federal justice, I propose an increase this year in the United States attorneys prosecuting Federal crimes and the reinforcement of the number of United States marshals. Additional Federal judges are needed, as remmended by me and the Judicial Conference. Another major threat to every American's person and property is the criminal carrying a handgun. The way to cut down on the criminal use of guns is not to take guns away from the law-abiding citizen, but to impose mandatory sentences for crimes in which a gun is used, make it harder to obtain cheap guns for criminal purposes, and ncentrate gun ntrol enforcement in highcrime areas. My budget remmends additional Federal agents in the largest metropolitan high-crime areas to help local authorities stop criminals from selling and using handguns. The sale of hard drugs is tragically on the increase again. I have directed all agencies of the Federal Government to step up law enforcement efforts against those who deal in drugs. In , I am glad to report, Federal agents seized substantially more heroin ming into our untry than in . As President, I have talked personally with the leaders of Mexi, Colombia, and Turkey to urge greater efforts by their Governments to ntrol effectively the production and shipment of hard drugs. I remmended months ago that the Congress enact mandatory fixed sentences for persons nvicted of Federal crimes involving the sale of hard drugs. Hard drugs, we all know, degrade the spirit as they destroy the body of their users. It is unrealistic and misleading to hold out the hope that the Federal Government can move into every neighborhood and clean up crime. Under the Constitution, the greatest responsibility for curbing crime lies with State and local authorities. They are the frontline fighters in the war against crime. There are definite ways in which the Federal Government can help them. I will propose in the new budget that Congress authorize almost billion over the next years to assist State and local governments to protect the safety and property of all their citizens. As President, I pledge the strict enforcement of Federal laws and--by example, support, and leadership--to help State and local authorities enforce their laws. Together, we must protect the victims of crime and ensure domestic tranquility. Last year I strongly remmended a -year extension of the existing revenue sharing legislation, which thus far has provided ½ billion to help State and local units of government solve problems at home. This program has been effective with decisionmaking transferred from the Federal Government to locally elected officials. Congress must act this year, or State and local units of government will have to drop programs or raise local taxes. Including my health care program reforms, I propose to nsolidate some separate Federal programs and provide flexible Federal dollar grants to help States, cities, and local agencies in such important areas as education, child nutrition, and social services. This flexible system will do the job better and do it closer to home. The protection of the lives and property of Americans from foreign enemies is one of my primary responsibilities as President. In a world of instant mmunications and interntinental ballistic missiles, in a world enomy that is global and interdependent, our relations with other nations beme more, not less, important to the lives of Americans. America has had a unique role in the world since the day of our independence years ago. And ever since the end of World War II, we have borne--successfully--a heavy responsibility for ensuring a stable world order and hope for human progress. Today, the state of our foreign policy is sound and strong. We are at peace, and I will do all in my power to keep it that way. Our military forces are capable and ready. Our military power is without equal, and I intend to keep it that way. "Our principal alliances with the industrial democracies of the Atlantic mmunity and Japan have never been more solid.   A further agreement to limit the strategic arms race may be achieved." "We have an improving relationship with China, the world's most populous nation.   The key elements for peace among the nations of the Middle East now exist. Our traditional friendships in Latin America, Africa, and Asia ntinue." We have taken the role of leadership in launching a serious and hopeful dialog between the industrial world and the developing world. We have helped to achieve significant reform of the international monetary system. We should be proud of what America, what our untry, has acmplished in these areas, and I believe the American people are. The American people have heard too much about how terrible our mistakes, how evil our deeds, and how misguided our purposes. The American people know better. The truth is we are the world's greatest democracy. We remain the symbol of man's aspiration for liberty and well-being. We are the embodiment of hope for progress. I say it is time we quit downgrading ourselves as a nation. Of urse, it is our responsibility to learn the right lesson from past mistakes. It is our duty to see that they never happen again. But our greater duty is to look to the future. The world's troubles will not go away. The American people want strong and effective international and defense policies. In our nstitutional system, these policies should reflect nsultation and acmmodation between the President and the Congress. But in the final analysis, as the framers of our Constitution knew from hard experience, the foreign relations of the United States can be nducted effectively only if there is strong central direction that allows flexibility of action. That responsibility clearly rests with the President. I pledge to the American people policies which seek a secure, just, and peaceful world. I pledge to the Congress to work with you to that end. We must not face a future in which we can no longer help our friends, such as Angola, even in limited and carefully ntrolled ways. We must not lose all capacity to respond short of military intervention. Some hasty actions of the Congress during the past year--most recently in respect to Angola--were, in my view, very shortsighted. Unfortunately, they are still very much on the minds of our allies and our adversaries. A strong defense posture gives weight to our values and our views in international negotiations. It assures the vigor of our alliances. And it sustains our efforts to promote settlements of international nflicts. Only from a position of strength can we negotiate a balanced agreement to limit the growth of nuclear arms. Only a balanced agreement will serve our interests and minimize the threat of nuclear nfrontation. The defense budget I will submit to the Congress for fiscal year will show an essential increase over the current year. It provides for real growth in purchasing power over this year's defense budget, which includes the st of the all-volunteer force. We are ntinuing to make enomies to enhance the efficiency of our military forces. But the budget I will submit represents the necessity of American strength for the real world in which we live. As nflict and rivalry persist in the world, our United States intelligence capabilities must be the best in the world. The crippling of our foreign intelligence services increases the danger of American involvement in direct armed nflict. Our adversaries are enuraged to attempt new adventures while our own ability to monitor events and to influence events short of military action is undermined. Without effective intelligence capability, the United States stands blindfolded and hobbled. In the near future, I will take actions to reform and strengthen our intelligence mmunity. I ask for your positive operation. It is time to go beyond sensationalism and ensure an effective, responsible, and responsive intelligence capability. Tonight I have spoken about our problems at home and abroad. I have remmended policies that will meet the challenge of our third century. I have no doubt that our Union will endure, better, stronger, and with more individual freedom. We can see forward only dimly-- year, years, a generation perhaps. Like our forefathers, we know that if we meet the challenges of our own time with a mmon sense of purpose and nviction, if we remain true to our Constitution and to our ideals, then we can know that the future will be better than the past. I see America today crossing a threshold, not just because it is our Bicentennial but because we have been tested in adversity. We have taken a new look at what we want to be and what we want our Nation to beme. I see America resurgent, certain once again that life will be better for our children than it is for us, seeking strength that cannot be unted in megatons and riches that cannot be eroded by inflation. I see these United States of America moving forward as before toward a more perfect Union where the government serves and the people rule. We will not make this happen simply by making speeches, good or bad, yours or mine, but by hard work and hard decisions made with urage and with mmon sense. I have heard many inspiring Presidential speeches, but the words I remember best were spoken by Dwight D. Eisenhower. America is not good because' it is great," the President said. America is great because it is good." President Eisenhower was raised in a poor but religious home in the heart of America. His simple words echoed President Linln's eloquent testament that right makes might." And Linln in turn evoked the silent image of George Washington kneeling in prayer at Valley Forge. "So, all these magic memories which link eight generations of Americans are summed up in the inscription just above me. How many times have we seen it? "In God We Trust.""   Let us engrave it now in each of our hearts as we begin our Bicentennial." Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the th Congress, and distinguished guests: Twenty-six years ago, a freshman Congressman, a young fellow with lots of idealism who was out to change the world, stood before Sam Rayburn in the well of the House and solemnly swore to the same oath that all of you took yesterday--an unforgettable experience, and I ngratulate you all. Two days later, that same freshman stood at the back of this great Chamber-over there someplace--as President Truman, all charged up by his single-handed election victory, reported as the Constitution requires on the state of the Union. When the bipartisan applause stopped, President Truman said, I am happy to report to this st Congress that the state of the Union is good. Our Nation is better able than ever before to meet the needs of the American people, and to give them their fair chance in the pursuit of happiness. It] is foremost among the nations of the world in the search for peace." "Today, that freshman Member from Michigan stands where Mr. Truman   stood, and I must say to you that the state of the Union is not good: Millions of Americans are out of work.   Recession and inflation are eroding the money of millions more.   Prices are too high, and sales are too slow." "This year's Federal deficit will be about billion; next year's probably billion.   The national debt will rise to over billion.   Our plant capacity and productivity are not increasing fast enough.   We depend on others for essential energy." Some people question their Government's ability to make hard decisions and stick with them; they expect Washington politics as usual. Yet, what President Truman said on January , , is even more true in . We are better able to meet our people's needs. All Americans do have a fairer chance to pursue happiness. Not only are we still the foremost nation in the pursuit of peace but today's prospects of attaining it are infinitely brighter. There were million Americans employed at the start of ; now there are more than million Americans who have jobs. In mparable dollars, the average inme of the American family has doubled during the past years. Now, I want to speak very bluntly. I've got bad news, and I don't expect much, if any, applause. The American people want action, and it will take both the Congress and the President to give them what they want. Progress and solutions can be achieved, and they will be achieved. My message today is not intended to address all of the mplex needs of America. I will send separate messages making specific remmendations for domestic legislation, such as the extension of general revenue sharing and the Voting Rights Act. The moment has me to move in a new direction. We can do this by fashioning a new partnership between the Congress on the one hand, the White House on the other, and the people we both represent. Let us mobilize the most powerful and most creative industrial nation that ever existed on this Earth to put all our people to work. The emphasis on our enomic efforts must now shift from inflation to jobs. To bolster business and industry and to create new jobs, I propose a -year tax reduction of billion. Three-quarters would go to individuals and one-quarter to promote business investment. This cash rebate to individuals amounts to percent of tax payments-a total cut of billion, with a maximum of , per return. I call on the Congress to act by April . If you do--and I hope you will--the Treasury can send the first check for half of the rebate in May and the send by September. The other one-fourth of the cut, about billion, will go to business, including farms, to promote expansion and to create more jobs. The -year reduction for businesses would be in the form of a liberalized investment tax credit increasing the rate to percent for all businesses. This tax cut does not include the more fundamental reforms needed in our tax system. But it points us in the right direction--allowing taxpayers rather than the Government to spend their pay. Cutting taxes now is essential if we are to turn the enomy around. A tax cut offers the best hope of creating more jobs. Unfortunately, it will increase the size of the budget deficit. Therefore, it is more important than ever that we take steps to ntrol the growth of Federal expenditures. Part of our trouble is that we have been self-indulgent. For decades, we have been voting ever-increasing levels of Government benefits, and now the bill has me due. We have been adding so many new programs that the size and the growth of the Federal budget has taken on a life of its own. One characteristic of these programs is that their st increases automatically every year because the number of people eligible for most of the benefits increases every year. When these programs are enacted, there is no dollar amount set. No one knows what they will st. All we know is that whatever they st last year, they will st more next year. It is a question of simple arithmetic. Unless we check the excessive growth of Federal expenditures or impose on ourselves matching increases in taxes, we will ntinue to run huge inflationary deficits in the Federal budget. If we project the current built-in momentum of Federal spending through the next years, State, Federal, and local government expenditures uld easily mprise half of our gross national product. This mpares with less than a third in . I have just ncluded the process of preparing the budget submissions for fiscal year . In that budget, I will propose legislation to restrain the growth of a number of existing programs. I have also ncluded that no new spending programs can be initiated this year, except for energy. Further, I will not hesitate to veto any new spending programs adopted by the Congress. As an additional step toward putting the Federal Government's house in order, I remmend a -percent limit on Federal pay increases in . In all Government programs tied to the Consumer Price Index--including social security, civil service and military retirement pay, and food stamps--I also propose a -year maximum increase of percent. None of these remmended ceiling limitations, over which Congress has final authority, are easy to propose, because in most cases they involve anticipated payments to many, many deserving people. Nonetheless, it must be done. I must emphasize that I am not asking to eliminate, to reduce, to freeze these payments. I am merely remmending that we slow down the rate at which these payments increase and these programs grow. Only a reduction in the growth of spending can keep Federal borrowing down and reduce the damage to the private sector from high interest rates. Only a reduction in spending can make it possible for the Federal Reserve System to avoid an inflationary growth in the money supply and thus restore balance to our enomy. A major reduction in the growth of Federal spending can help dispel the uncertainty that so many feel about our enomy and put us on the way to curing our enomic ills. If we don't act to slow down the rate of increase in Federal spending, the United States Treasury will be legally obligated to spend more than billion in fiscal year , even if no new programs are enacted. These are not matters of njecture or prediction, but again, a matter of simple arithmetic. The size of these numbers and their implications for our everyday life and the health of our enomic system are shocking. I submitted to the last Congress a list of budget deferrals and rescissions. There will be more cuts remmended in the budget that I will submit. Even so, the level of outlays for fiscal year is still much, much too high. Not only is it too high for this year but the decisions we make now will inevitably have a major and growing impact on expenditure levels in future years. I think this is a very fundamental issue that we, the Congress and I, must jointly solve. Enomic disruptions we and others are experiencing stem in part from the fact that the world price of petroleum has quadrupled in the last year. But in all honesty, we cannot put all of the blame on the oil-exporting nations. We, the United States, are not blameless. Our growing dependence upon foreign sources has been adding to our vulnerability for years and years, and we did nothing to prepare ourselves for such an event as the embargo of . During the 's, this untry had a surplus capacity of crude oil which we were able to make available to our trading partners whenever there was a disruption of supply. This surplus capacity enabled us to influence both supplies and prices of crude oil throughout the world. Our excess capacity neutralized any effort at establishing an effective cartel, and thus the rest of the world was assured of adequate supplies of oil at reasonable prices. By , our surplus capacity had vanished, and as a nsequence, the latent power of the oil cartel uld emerge in full force. Europe and Japan, both heavily dependent on imported oil, now struggle to keep their enomies in balance. Even the United States, our untry, which is far more self-sufficient than most other industrial untries, has been put under serious pressure. I am proposing a program which will begin to restore our untry's surplus capacity in total energy. In this way, we will be able to assure ourselves reliable and adequate energy and help foster a new world energy stability for other major nsuming nations. But this Nation and, in fact, the world must face the prospect of energy difficulties between now and . This program will impose burdens on all of us with the aim of reducing our nsumption of energy and increasing our production. Great attention has been paid to the nsiderations of fairness, and I can assure you that the burdens will not fall more harshly on those less able to bear them. I am remmending a plan to make us invulnerable to cutoffs of foreign oil. It will require sacrifices, but it--and this is most important--it will work. I have set the following national energy goals to assure that our future is as secure and as productive as our past: First, we must reduce oil imports by million barrels per day by the end of this year and by million barrels per day by the end of . Send, we must end vulnerability to enomic disruption by foreign suppliers by . Third, we must develop our energy technology and resources so that the United States has the ability to supply a significant share of the energy needs of the free world by the end of this century. To attain these objectives, we need immediate action to cut imports. Unfortunately, in the short term there are only a limited number of actions which can increase domestic supply. I will press for all of them. I urge quick action on the necessary legislation to allow mmercial production at the Elk Hills, California, Naval Petroleum Reserve. In order that we make greater use of domestic al resources, I am submitting amendments to the Energy Supply and Environmental Coordination Act which will greatly increase the number of powerplants that can be promptly nverted to al. Obviously, voluntary nservation ntinues to be essential, but tougher programs are needed--and needed now. Therefore, I am using Presidential powers to raise the fee on all imported crude oil and petroleum products. The crude oil fee level will be increased per barrel on February , by per barrel on March , and by per barrel on April . I will take actions to reduce undue hardships on any geographical region. The foregoing are interim administrative actions. They will be rescinded when the broader but necessary legislation is enacted. To that end, I am requesting the Congress to act within days on a more mprehensive energy tax program. It includes: excise taxes and import fees totaling per barrel on product imports and on all crude oil; deregulation of new natural gas and enactment of a natural gas excise tax. I plan to take Presidential initiative to dentrol the price of domestic crude oil on April . I urge the Congress to enact a windfall profits tax by that date to ensure that oil producers do not profit unduly. The sooner Congress acts, the more effective the oil nservation program will be and the quicker the Federal revenues can be returned to our people. I am prepared to use Presidential authority to limit imports, as necessary, to guarantee success. I want you to know that before deciding on my energy nservation program, I nsidered rationing and higher gasoline taxes as alternatives. In my judgment, neither would achieve the desired results and both would produce unacceptable inequities. A massive program must be initiated to increase energy supply, to cut demand, and provide new standby emergency programs to achieve the independence we want by . The largest part of increased oil production must me from new frontier areas on the Outer Continental Shelf and from the Naval Petroleum Reserve No. in Alaska. It is the intent of this Administration to move ahead with exploration, leasing, and production on those frontier areas of the Outer Continental Shelf where the environmental risks are acceptable. Use of our most abundant domestic resource--al--is severely limited. We must strike a reasonable mpromise on environmental ncerns with al. I am submitting Clean Air Act] amendments which will allow greater al use without sacrificing clean air goals. I vetoed the strip mining legislation passed by the last Congress. With appropriate changes, I will sign a revised version when it mes to the White House. See volume, Item . I am proposing a number of actions to energize our nuclear power program. I will submit legislation to expedite nuclear leasing licensing] and the rapid selection of sites. In recent months, utilities have cancelled or postponed over percent of planned nuclear expansion and percent of planned additions to non-nuclear capacity. Financing problems for that industry are worsening. I am therefore remmending that the -year investment tax credit of percent be extended an additional years to specifically speed the nstruction of powerplants that do not use natural gas or oil. I am also submitting proposals for selective reform of State utility mmission regulations. To provide the critical stability for our domestic energy production in the face of world price uncertainty, I will request legislation to authorize and require tariffs, import quotas, or price floors to protect our energy prices at levels which will achieve energy independence. Increasing energy supplies is not enough. We must take additional steps to cut long-term nsumption. I therefore propose to the Congress: legislation to make thermal efficiency standards mandatory for all new buildings in the United States; a new tax credit of up to for those homeowners who install insulation equipment; the establishment of an energy nservation program to help low-inme families purchase insulation supplies; legislation to modify and defer automotive pollution standards for years, which will enable us to improve automobile gas mileage by percent by . These proposals and actions, cumulatively, can reduce our dependence on foreign energy supplies from to million barrels per day by . To make the United States invulnerable to foreign disruption, I propose standby emergency legislation and a strategic storage program of billion barrels of oil for domestic needs and million barrels for national defense purposes. I will ask for the funds needed for energy research and development activities. I have established a goal of million barrels of synthetic fuels and shale oil production per day by together with an incentive program to achieve it. I have a very deep belief in America's capabilities. Within the next years, my program envisions: major nuclear powerplants; major new al mines; major al-fired powerplants; major new oil] refineries; major new synthetic fuel plants; the drilling of many thousands of new oil wells; the insulation of million homes; and the manufacturing and the sale of millions of new automobiles, trucks, and buses that use much less fuel. I happen to believe that we can do it. In another crisis--the one in President Franklin D. Roosevelt said this untry would build , ,] military aircraft. By , production in that program had reached , aircraft annually. They did it then. We can do it now. If the Congress and the American people will work with me to attain these targets, they will be achieved and will be surpassed. From adversity, let us seize opportunity. Revenues of some billion from higher energy taxes designed to enurage nservation must be refunded to the American people in a manner which rrects distortions in our tax system wrought by inflation. People have been pushed into higher tax brackets by inflation, with nsequent reduction in their actual spending power. Business taxes are similarly distorted because inflation exaggerates reported profits, resulting in excessive taxes. Acrdingly, I propose that future individual inme taxes be reduced by . billion. This will be done by raising the low-inme allowance and reducing tax rates. This ntinuing tax cut will primarily benefit lower- and middle-inme taxpayers. For example, a typical family of four with a gross inme of , now pays in Federal inme taxes. Under this tax cut plan, they would pay nothing. A family of four with a gross inme of , now pays , in Federal taxes. My proposal reduces that total by . Families grossing , would receive a reduction of . Those with the very lowest inmes, who can least afford higher sts, must also be mpensated. I propose a payment of to every person years of age and older in that very limited category. State and local governments will receive billion in additional revenue sharing to offset their increased energy sts. To offset inflationary distortions and to generate more enomic activity, the rporate tax rate will be reduced from percent to percent. Now let me turn, if I might, to the international dimension of the present crisis. At no time in our peacetime history has the state of the Nation depended more heavily on the state of the world. And seldom, if ever, has the state of the world depended more heavily on the state of our Nation. The enomic distress is global. We will not solve it at home unless we help to remedy the profound enomic dislocation abroad. World trade and monetary structure provides markets, energy, food, and vital raw materials--for all nations. This international system is now in jeopardy. "This Nation can be proud of significant achievements in recent years in solving problems and crises. The Berlin agreement, the SALT agreements, our new relationship with China, the unprecedented efforts in the Middle East are immensely enuraging. But the world is not free from crisis. In a world of nations, where nuclear technology is proliferating and regional nflicts ntinue, international security cannot be taken for granted.   So, let there be no mistake about it: International operation is a vital factor of our lives today. This is not a moment for the American people to turn inward. More than ever before, our own well-being depends on America's determination and America's leadership in the whole wide world." We are a great Nation--spiritually, politically, militarily, diplomatically, and enomically. America's mmitment to international security has sustained the safety of allies and friends in many areas--in the Middle East, in Europe, and in Asia. Our turning away would unleash new instabilities, new dangers around the globe, which, in turn, would threaten our own security. At the end of World War II, we turned a similar challenge into an historic opportunity and, I might add, an historic achievement. An old order was in disarray; political and enomic institutions were shattered. In that period, this Nation and its partners built new institutions, new mechanisms of mutual support and operation. Today, as then, we face an historic opportunity. If we act imaginatively and boldly, as we acted then, this period will in retrospect be seen as one of the great creative moments of our Nation's history. The whole world is watching to see how we respond. A resurgent American enomy would do more to restore the nfidence of the world in its own future than anything else we can do. The program that this Congress passes can demonstrate to the world that we have started to put our own house in order. If we can show that this Nation is able and willing to help other nations meet the mmon challenge, it can demonstrate that the United States will fulfill its responsibilities as a leader among nations. Quite frankly, at stake is the future of industrialized democracies, which have perceived their destiny in mmon and sustained it in mmon for years. The developing nations are also at a turning point. The poorest nations see their hopes of feeding their hungry and developing their societies shattered by the enomic crisis. The long-term enomic future for the producers of raw materials also depends on operative solutions. Our relations with the Communist untries are a basic factor of the world environment. We must seek to build a long-term basis for existence. We will stand by our principles. We will stand by our interests. We will act firmly when challenged. The kind of a world we want depends on a broad policy of creating mutual incentives for restraint and for operation. As we move forward to meet our global challenges and opportunities, we must have the tools to do the job. Our military forces are strong and ready. This military strength deters aggression against our allies, stabilizes our relations with former adversaries, and protects our homeland. Fully adequate nventional and strategic forces st many, many billions, but these dollars are sound insurance for our safety and for a more peaceful world. Military strength alone is not sufficient. Effective diplomacy is also essential in preventing nflict, in building world understanding. The Vladivostok negotiations with the Soviet Union represent a major step in moderating strategic arms mpetition. My recent discussions with the leaders of the Atlantic mmunity, Japan, and South Korea have ntributed to meeting the mmon challenge. But we have serious problems before us that require operation between the President and the Congress. By the Constitution and tradition, the execution of foreign policy is the responsibility of the President. In recent years, under the stress of the Vietnam war, legislative restrictions on the President's ability to execute foreign policy and military decisions have proliferated. As a Member of the Congress, I opposed some and I approved others. As President, I welme the advice and operation of the House and the Senate. But if our foreign policy is to be successful, we cannot rigidly restrict in legislation the ability of the President to act. The nduct of negotiations is ill-suited to such limitations. Legislative restrictions, intended for the best motives and purposes, can have the opposite result, as we have seen most recently in our trade relations with the Soviet Union. For my part, I pledge this Administration will act in the closest nsultation with the Congress as we face delicate situations and troubled times throughout the globe. When I became President only months ago, I promised the last Congress a policy of mmunication, nciliation, mpromise, and operation. I renew that pledge to the new Members of this Congress. Let me sum it up. America needs a new direction, which I have sought to chart here today--a change of urse which will: put the unemployed back to work; increase real inme and production; restrain the growth of Federal Government spending; achieve energy independence; and advance the cause of world understanding. We have the ability. We have the know-how. In partnership with the American people, we will achieve these objectives. "As our th anniversary approaches, we owe it to ourselves and to posterity to rebuild our political and enomic strength. Let us make America once again and for centuries more to me what it has so long been--a stronghold and a bean-light of liberty for the whole world.   Thank you." Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, my lleagues in the Congress, our distinguished guests, my fellow Americans: We meet here tonight at a time of great challenge and great opportunities for America. We meet at a time when we face great problems at home and abroad that will test the strength of our fiber as a nation. But we also meet at a time when that fiber has been tested, and it has proved strong. America is a great and good land, and we are a great and good land because we are a strong, free, creative people and because America is the single greatest force for peace anywhere in the world. Today, as always in our history, we can base our nfidence in what the American people will achieve in the future on the rerd of what the American people have achieved in the past. Tonight, for the first time in years, a President of the United States can report to the Congress on the state of a Union at peace with every nation of the world. Because of this, in the ,-word message on the state of the Union that I have just handed to the Speaker of the House and the President of the Senate, I have been able to deal primarily with the problems of peace with what we can do here at home in America for the American people--rather than with the problems of war. The measures I have outlined in this message set an agenda for truly significant progress for this Nation and the world in . Before we chart where we are going, let us see how far we have me. It was years ago on the steps of this Capitol that I took the oath of office as your President. In those years, because of the initiatives undertaken by this Administration, the world has changed. America has changed. As a result of those changes, America is safer today, more prosperous today, with greater opportunity for more of its people than ever before in our history. Five years ago, America was at war in Southeast Asia. We were locked in nfrontation with the Soviet Union. We were in hostile isolation from a quarter of the world's people who lived in Mainland China. Five years ago, our cities were burning and besieged. Five years ago, our llege campuses were a battleground. Five years ago, crime was increasing at a rate that struck fear across the Nation. Five years ago, the spiraling rise in drug addiction was threatening human and social tragedy of massive proportion, and there was no program to deal with it. Five years ago--as young Americans bad done for a generation before that-America's youth still lived under the shadow of the military draft. Five years ago, there was no national program to preserve our environment. Day by day, our air was getting dirtier, our water was getting more foul. And years ago, American agriculture was practically a depressed industry with , farm families abandoning the farm every year. As we look at America today, we find ourselves challenged by new problems. But we also find a rerd of progress to nfound the professional criers of doom and prophets of despair. We met the challenges we faced years ago, and we will be equally nfident of meeting those that we face today. Let us see for a moment how we have met them. After more than years of military involvement, all of our troops have returned from Southeast Asia, and they have returned with honor. And we can be proud of the fact that our urageous prisoners of war, for whom a dinner was held in Washington tonight, that they came home with their heads high, on their feet and not on their knees. In our relations with the Soviet Union, we have turned away from a policy of nfrontation to one of negotiation. For the first time since World War II, the world's two strongest powers are working together toward peace in the world. With the People's Republic of China after a generation of hostile isolation, we have begun a period of peaceful exchange and expanding trade. Peace has returned to our cities, to our campuses. The -year rise in crime has been stopped. We can nfidently say today that we are finally beginning to win the war against crime. Right here in this Nation's Capital--which a few years ago was threatening to beme the crime capital of the world--the rate in crime has been cut in half. A massive campaign against drug abuse has been organized. And the rate of new heroin addiction, the most vicious threat of all, is decreasing rather than increasing. For the first time in a generation, no young Americans are being drafted into the armed services of the United States. And for the first time ever, we have organized a massive national effort to protect the environment. Our air is getting cleaner, our water is getting purer, and our agriculture, which was depressed, is prospering. Farm inme is up percent, farm production is setting all-time rerds, and the billions of dollars the taxpayers were paying in subsidies has been cut to nearly zero. Overall, Americans are living more abundantly than ever before, today. More than / million new jobs were created in the past year alone. That is the biggest percentage increase in nearly years. People are earning more. What they earn buys more, more than ever before in history. In the past years, the average American's real spendable inme--that is, what you really can buy with your inme, even after allowing for taxes and inflation--has increased by percent. Despite this rerd of achievement, as we turn to the year ahead we hear once again the familiar voice of the perennial prophets of gloom telling us now that because of the need to fight inflation, because of the energy shortage, America may be headed for a recession. Let me speak to that issue head on. There will be no recession in the United States of America. Primarily due to our energy crisis, our enomy is passing through a difficult period. But I pledge to you tonight that the full powers of this Government will be used to keep America's enomy producing and to protect the jobs of America's workers. We are engaged in a long and hard fight against inflation. There have been, and there will be in the future, ups and downs in that fight. But if this Congress operates in our efforts to hold down the st of Government, we shall win our fight to hold down the st of living for the American people. As we look back over our history, the years that stand out as the ones of signal achievement are those in which the Administration and the Congress, whether one party or the other, working together, had the wisdom and the foresight to select those particular initiatives for which the Nation was ready and the moment was right--and in which they seized the moment and acted. Looking at the year which lies before us, there are key areas in which landmark acmplishments are possible this year in America. If we make these our national agenda, this is what we will achieve in : We will break the back of the energy crisis; we will lay the foundation for our future capacity to meet America's energy needs from America's own resources. And we will take another giant stride toward lasting peace in the world--not only by ntinuing our policy of negotiation rather than nfrontation where the great powers are ncerned but also by helping toward the achievement of a just and lasting settlement in the Middle East. We will check the rise in prices without administering the harsh medicine of recession, and we will move the enomy into a steady period of growth at a sustainable level. We will establish a new system that makes high-quality health care available to every American in a dignified manner and at a price he can afford. We will make our States and localities more responsive to the needs of their own citizens. We will make a crucial breakthrough toward better transportation in our towns and in our cities across America. We will reform our system of Federal aid to education, to provide it when it is needed, where it is needed, so that it will do the most for those who need it the most. We will make an historic beginning on the task of defining and protecting the right of personal privacy for every American. And we will start on a new road toward reform of a welfare system that bleeds the taxpayer, rrodes the mmunity, and demeans those it is intended to assist. And together with the other nations of the world, we will establish the enomic framework within which Americans will share more fully in an expanding worldwide trade and prosperity in the years ahead, with more open access to both markets and supplies. In all of the State of the Union messages delivered from this place, in our history this is the first in which the one priority, the first priority, is energy. Let me begin by reporting a new development which I know will be welme news to every American. As you know, we have mmitted ourselves to an active role in helping to achieve a just and durable peace in the Middle East, on the basis of full implementation of Security Council Resolutions and . The first step in the process is the disengagement of Egyptian and Israeli forces which is now taking place. Because of this hopeful development, I can announce tonight that I have been assured, through my personal ntacts with friendly leaders in the Middle Eastern area, that an urgent meeting will be called in the immediate future to discuss the lifting of the oil embargo. This is an enuraging sign. However, it should be clearly understood by our friends in the Middle East that the United States will not be erced on this issue. Regardless of the outme of this meeting, the operation of the American people in our energy nservation program has already gone a long way towards achieving a goal to which I am deeply dedicated. Let us do everything we can to avoid gasoline rationing in the United States of America. Last week, I sent to the Congress a mprehensive special message setting forth our energy situation, remmending the legislative measures which are necessary to a program for meeting our needs. If the embargo is lifted, this will ease the crisis, but it will not mean an end to the energy shortage in America. Voluntary nservation will ntinue to be necessary. And let me take this occasion to pay tribute once again to the splendid spirit of operation the American people have shown which has made possible our success in meeting this emergency up to this time. The new legislation I have requested will also remain necessary. Therefore, I urge again that the energy measures that I have proposed be made the first priority of this session of the Congress. These measures will require the oil mpanies and other energy producers to provide the public with the necessary information on their supplies. They will prevent the injustice of windfall profits for a few as a result of the sacrifices of the millions of Americans. And they will give us the organization, the incentives, the authorities needed to deal with the short-term emergency and to move toward meeting our long-term needs. Just as was the year in which we began a full-scale effort to protect the environment, must be the year in which we organize a full-scale effort to provide for our energy needs, not only in this decade but through the st century. As we move toward the celebration years from now of the th anniversary of this Nation's independence, let us press vigorously on toward the goal I announced last November for Project Independence. Let this be our national goal: At the end of this decade, in the year , the United States will not be dependent on any other untry for the energy we need to provide our jobs, to heat our homes, and to keep our transportation moving. To indicate the size of the Government mmitment, to spur energy research and development, we plan to spend billion in Federal funds over the next years. That is an enormous amount. But during the same years, private enterprise will be investing as much as billion-and in years, billion--to develop the new resources, the new technology, the new capacity America will require for its energy needs in the 's. That is just a measure of the magnitude of the project we are undertaking. But America performs best when called to its biggest tasks. It can truly be said that only in America uld a task so tremendous be achieved so quickly, and achieved not by regimentation, but through the effort and ingenuity of a free people, working in a free system. Turning now to the rest of the agenda for , the time is at hand this year to bring mprehensive, high quality health care within the reach of every American. I shall propose a sweeping new program that will assure mprehensive health insurance protection to millions of Americans who cannot now obtain it or afford it, with vastly improved protection against catastrophic illnesses. This will be a plan that maintains the high standards of quality in America's health care. And it will not require additional taxes. Now, I regnize that other plans have been put forward that would st billion or even billion and that would put our whole health care system under the heavy hand of the Federal Government. This is the wrong approach. This has been tried abroad, and it has failed. It is not the way we do things here in America. This kind of plan would threaten the quality of care provided by our whole health care system. The right way is one that builds on the strengths of the present system and one that does not destroy those strengths, one based on partnership, not paternalism. Most important of all, let us keep this as the guiding principle of our health programs. Government has a great role to play, but we must always make sure that our doctors will be working for their patients and not for the Federal Government. Many of you will recall that in my State of the Union Address years ago, I mmented that Most Americans today are simply fed up with government at all levels," and I remmended a sweeping set of proposals to revitalize State and local governments, to make them more responsive to the people they serve. I can report to you today that as a result of revenue sharing passed by the Congress, and other measures, we have made progress toward that goal. After years of moving power from the States and the mmunities to Washington, D.C we have begun moving power back from Washington to the States and mmunities and, most important, to the people of America. In this session of the Congress, I believe we are near the breakthrough point on efforts which I have suggested, proposals to let people themselves make their own decisions for their own mmunities and, in particular, on those to provide broad new flexibility in Federal aid for mmunity development, for enomic development, for education. And I look forward to working with the Congress, with members of both parties in resolving whatever remaining differences we have in this legislation so that we can make available nearly / billion to our States and localities to use not for what a Federal bureaucrat may want, but for what their own people in those mmunities want. The decision should be theirs. I think all of us regnize that the energy crisis has given new urgency to the need to improve public transportation, not only in our cities but in rural areas as well. The program I have proposed this year will give mmunities not only more money but also more freedom to balance their own transportation needs. It will mark the strongest Federal mmitment ever to the improvement of mass transit as an essential element of the improvement of life in our towns and cities. One goal on which all Americans agree is that our children should have the very best education this great Nation can provide. In a special message last week, I remmended a number of important new measures that can make a year of truly significant advances for our schools and for the children they serve. If the Congress will act on these proposals, more flexible funding will enable each Federal dollar to meet better the particular need of each particular school district. Advance funding will give school authorities a chance to make each year's plans, knowing ahead of time what Federal funds they are going to receive. Special targeting will give special help to the truly disadvantaged among our people. College students faced with rising sts for their education will be able to draw on an expanded program of loans and grants. These advances are a needed investment in America's most precious resource, our next generation. And I urge the Congress to act on this legislation in . One measure of a truly free society is the vigor with which it protects the liberties of its individual citizens. As technology has advanced in America, it has increasingly encroached on one of those liberties--what I term the right of personal privacy. Modern information systems, data banks, credit rerds, mailing list abuses, electronic snooping, the llection of personal data for one purpose that may be used for another--all these have left millions of Americans deeply ncerned by the privacy they cherish. And the time has me, therefore, for a major initiative to define the nature and extent of the basic rights of privacy and to erect new safeguards to ensure that those rights are respected. I shall launch such an effort this year at the highest levels of the Administration, and I look forward again to working with this Congress in establishing a new set of standards that respect the legitimate needs of society, but that also regnize personal privacy as a cardinal principle of American liberty. Many of those in this Chamber tonight will recall that it was years ago that I termed the Nation's welfare system a monstrous, nsuming outrage--an outrage against the mmunity, against the taxpayer, and particularly against the children that it is supposed to help." That system is still an outrage. By improving its administration, we have been able to reduce some of the abuses. As a result, last year, for the first time in years, there has been a halt in the growth of the welfare caseload. But as a system, our welfare program still needs reform as urgently today as it did when I first proposed in that we mpletely replace it with a different system. In these final years of my Administration, I urge the Congress to join me in mounting a major new effort to replace the discredited present welfare system with one that works, one that is fair to those who need help or cannot help themselves, fair to the mmunity, and fair to the taxpayer. And let us have as our goal that there will be no Government program which makes it more profitable to go on welfare than to go to work. I regnize that from the debates that have taken place within the Congress over the past years on this program that we cannot expect enactment overnight of a new reform. But I do propose that the Congress and the Administration together make this the year in which we discuss, debate, and shape such a reform so that it can be enacted as quickly as possible. America's own prosperity in the years ahead depends on our sharing fully and equitably in an expanding world prosperity. Historic negotiations will take place this year that will enable us to ensure fair treatment in international markets for American workers, American farmers, American investors, and American nsumers. It is vital that the authorities ntained in the trade bill I submitted to the Congress be enacted so that the United States can negotiate flexibly and vigorously on behalf of American interests. These negotiations can usher in a new era of international trade that not only increases the prosperity of all nations but also strengthens the peace among all nations. In the past years, we have made more progress toward a lasting structure of peace in the world than in any mparable time in the Nation's history. We uld not have made that progress if we had not maintained the military strength of America. Thomas Jefferson once observed that the price of liberty is eternal vigilance. By the same token, and for the same reason, in today's world the price of peace is a strong defense as far as the United States is ncerned. In the past years, we have steadily reduced the burden of national defense as a share of the budget, bringing it down from percent in to percent in the current year. We have cut our military manpower over the past years by more than a third, from . million to . million. In the ming year, however, increased expenditures will be needed. They will be needed to assure the ntinued readiness of our military forces, to preserve present force levels in the face of rising sts, and to give us the military strength we must have if our security is to be maintained and if our initiatives for peace are to succeed. The question is not whether we can afford to maintain the necessary strength of our defense, the question is whether we can afford not to maintain it, and the answer to that question is no. We must never allow America to beme the send strongest nation in the world. I do not say this with any sense of belligerence, because I regnize the fact that is regnized around the world. America's military strength has always been maintained to keep the peace, never to break it. It has always been used to defend freedom, never to destroy it. The world's peace, as well as our own, depends on our remaining as strong as we need to be as long as we need to be. In this year , we will be negotiating with the Soviet Union to place further limits on strategic nuclear arms. Together with our allies, we will be negotiating with the nations of the Warsaw Pact on mutual and balanced reduction of forces in Europe. And we will ntinue our efforts to promote peaceful enomic development in Latin America, in Africa, in Asia. We will press for full mpliance with the peace acrds that brought an end to American fighting in Indochina, including particularly a provision that promised the fullest possible acunting for those Americans who are missing in action. And having in mind the energy crisis to which I have referred to earlier, we will be working with the other nations of the world toward agreement on means by which oil supplies can be assured at reasonable prices on a stable basis in a fair way to the nsuming and producing nations alike. All of these are steps toward a future in which the world's peace and prosperity, and ours as well as a result, are made more secure. Throughout the years that I have served as your President, I have had one overriding aim, and that was to establish a new structure of peace in the world that can free future generations of the surge of war. I can understand that others may have different priorities. This has been and this will remain my first priority and the chief legacy I hope to leave from the years of my Presidency. This does not mean that we shall not have other priorities, because as we strengthen the peace, we must also ntinue each year a steady strengthening of our society here at home. Our nscience requires it, our interests require it, and we must insist upon it. As we create more jobs, as we build a better health care system, as we improve our education, as we develop new sources of energy, as we provide more abundantly for the elderly and the poor, as we strengthen the system of private enterprise that produces our prosperity as we do all of this and even more, we solidify those essential bonds that hold us together as a nation. Even more importantly, we advance what in the final analysis government in America is all about. What it is all about is more freedom, more security, a better life for each one of the million people that live in this land. We cannot afford to neglect progress at home while pursuing peace abroad. But neither can Ave afford to neglect peace abroad while pursuing progress at home. With a stable peace, all is possible, but without peace, nothing is possible. In the written message that I have just delivered to the Speaker and to the President of the Senate, I mmented that one of the ntinuing challenges facing us in the legislative process is that of the timing and pacing of our initiatives, selecting each year among many worthy projects those that are ripe for action at that time. What is true in terms of our domestic initiatives is true also in the world. This period we now are in, in the world--and I say this as one who has seen so much of the world, not only in these past years but going back over many years--we are in a period which presents a juncture of historic forces unique in this century. They provide an opportunity we may never have again to create a structure of peace solid enough to last a lifetime and more, not just peace in our time but peace in our children's time as well. It is on the way we respond to this opportunity, more than anything else, that history will judge whether we in America have met our responsibility. And I am nfident we will meet that great historic responsibility which is ours today. It was years ago that John F. Kennedy and I sat in this Chamber, as freshmen Congressmen, hearing our first State of the Union address delivered by Harry Truman. I know from my talks with him, as members of the Labor Committee on which we both served, that neither of us then even dreamed that either one or both might eventually be standing in this place that I now stand in now and that he once stood in, before me. It may well be that one of the freshmen Members of the d Congress, one of you out there, will deliver his own State of the Union message years from now, in the year . Well, whichever one it is, I want you to be able to look back with pride and to say that your first years here were great years and recall that you were here in this d Congress when America ended its longest war and began its longest peace. [At this point, the President paused to acknowledge applause from the audience. He then resumed speaking.] Mr. Speaker, and Mr. President, and my distinguished lleagues and our guests: I would like to add a personal word with regard to an issue that has been of great ncern to all Americans over the past year. I refer, of urse, to the investigations of the so-called Watergate affair. As you know, I have provided to the Special Prosecutor voluntarily a great deal of material. I believe that I have provided all the material that he needs to nclude his investigations and to proceed to prosecute the guilty and to clear the innocent. I believe the time has me to bring that investigation and the other investigations of this matter to an end. One year of Watergate is enough. And the time has me, my lleagues, for not only the Executive, the President, but the Members of Congress, for all of us to join together in devoting our full energies to these great issues that I have discussed tonight which involve the welfare of all of the American people in so many different ways, as well as the peace of the world. I regnize that the House Judiciary Committee has a special responsibility in this area, and I want to indicate on this occasion that I will operate with the Judiciary Committee in its investigation. I will operate so that it can nclude its investigation, make its decision, and I will operate in any way that I nsider nsistent with my responsibilities to the Office of the Presidency of the United States. There is only one limitation. I will follow the precedent that has been followed by and defended by every President from George Washington to Lyndon B. Johnson of never doing anything that weakens the Office of the President of the United States or impairs the ability of the Presidents of the future to make the great decisions that are so essential to this Nation and the world. Another point I should like to make very briefly: Like every Member of the House and Senate assembled here tonight, I was elected to the office that I hold. And like every Member of the House and Senate, when I was elected to that office, I knew that I was elected for the purpose of doing a job and doing it as well as I possibly can. And I want you to know that I have no intention whatever of ever walking away from the job that the people elected me to do for the people of the United States. Now, needless to say, it would be understatement if I were not to admit that the year was not a very easy year for me personally or for my family. And as I have already indicated, the year presents very great and serious problems, as very great and serious opportunities are also presented. But my lleagues, this I believe: With the help of God, who has blessed this land so richly, with the operation of the Congress, and with the support of the American people, we can and we will make the year a year of unprecedented progress toward our goal of building a structure of lasting peace in the world and a new prosperity without war in the United States of America. To the Congress of the United States: We enter not at the beginning of an historical cycle, but in the middle of one. Beginnings have been made in many vital areas, beginnings which we now must build upon. New needs have arisen which we are in the process of addressing. Opportunities are alescing which give us a chance to make historic progress toward a stable peace and expanding prosperity. In looking at the agenda for , we cannot nsider the work of this or of any one year in isolation. What we select as our tasks in must build on the work of the years before, and anticipate needs of those ahead. Indeed, one of the ntinuing challenges facing us in the legislative process is that of the timing and pacing of our initiatives. It would be as false to pretend that we uld do--or afford to do everything at once, as it would be to maintain that we can do nothing. Therefore, we must strive to maintain steady progress, selecting each year among many worthy projects those that are ripe for action at that time, and that can be acmmodated within the nstraints of our budget--but pressing to ensure that the most that can be done is clone. "In discussing my legislative remmendations for this Congressional session, therefore, I shall do so in the ntext of the advances that have already been made, the problems that remain, and the special opportunities we have in to make further progress.   I have started with certain basic premises:" --The basic tax burden on the American taxpayer should not be increased. --Our new initiatives, therefore, should be scaled to what can prudently be spent given the level of revenues that would be generated by the existing tax structure at full utilization of our resources. --Increases in Federal spending should be kept to a minimum, but the budget should be flexible enough to be used, if necessary, to maintain jobs and prosperity. --It is essential that we break the old habit of regarding any Federal program, once established, as permanent; we must learn to scrap old programs that are no longer effective or needed in favor of new ones that are. This is the only way we can afford to do what must be done. Within these guidelines, there are a number of major new initiatives which are ripe for action in --several of which can be milestones on our march to a life of greater freedom, greater opportunity and greater prosperity for all. In particular, can be the year in which: --First, we not only break the back of the energy crisis, but also, through Project Independence, lay the foundation for our future capacity to meet America's energy needs from America's own resources--at reasonable prices and with adequate environmental protection. --Send, we take another giant stride toward lasting peace in the world--not only by ntinuing our policy of negotiation rather than nfrontation where the great powers are ncerned, but also by helping toward the achievement of a just and lasting settlement in the Middle East. --Third, we will check the rise in prices, without administering the harsh medicine of recession, and move the enomy into a period of steady growth at a sustainable level. --Fourth, we establish a new system of mprehensive health insurance that makes high quality health care available to every American in a dignified manner and at a price he or she can afford. --Fifth, we ntinue to build a new era of achievement and responsiveness in State and local government, by cutting the strings of too tight Federal ntrol that have bound the hands of State and local officials in mmunity and enomic development programs. --Sixth, we make a crucial breakthrough toward better transportation by strengthening the ability of local mmunities to deal with their transportation problems. --Seventh, we reform our system of Federal aid to education to provide it when it is needed, where it is needed, and so that it will do the most for those who need it most. --Eighth, we make an historic beginning on the task of defining and protecting the right of personal privacy. --Ninth, we start on a new road toward reform of a welfare system that bleeds the taxpayer, rrodes the mmunity and demeans those it is meant to assist. --And tenth, together with the other nations of the world, we establish the enomic framework within which Americans will share more fully in an expanding world trade and prosperity in the years ahead, with more open access to both markets and supplies. MEETING OUR ENERGY NEEDS At the start of this Congressional session, the number one legislative ncern must be the energy crisis. The operative efforts of the American people, together with measures already taken by the Administration, have significantly reduced the immediate impact of the energy crisis. There has been some enomic dislocation and some individual hardships, but these have been minimized by our policy of enuraging broad nservation measures and allocating scarce energy resources so as to do the least possible harm to jobs and the enomy. The object has been to keep our farms and factories producing, to keep our workers on the job, and to keep our goods and services flowing, even if this means that we must live and work in somewhat less mfortable surroundings and drive fewer miles at slower speeds. Even with the full operation of most Americans, however, we will still face real challenges--and genuine shortages--in the months and years immediately ahead. To meet these challenges, we must change our patterns of energy nsumption and production, we must press forward with the development of reliable new energy sources, and we must adjust to the fact that the age of unlimited supplies of cheap energy is ended. The immediate energy crisis began with the oil embargo imposed in the Middle East last fall. But the embargo only hastened a shortage that was already anticipated. For a number of years our fuel nsumption had been climbing while our production of domestic energy supplies declined. We became more and more heavily dependent on oil imports and, nsequently, more vulnerable to any interruption or reduction in those imports, as well as to sudden increases in foreign prices. Today, we have an interruption in supplies and we face sharply increased prices for those supplies when they are restored. Irrespective of the possibility of restoring the flow of Middle East oil, we must act now to ensure that we are never again dependent on foreign sources of supply for our energy needs. We must ntinue to slow the rise in our rate of nsumption, and we must sharply increase our domestic production. The effects of energy nservation can be felt at once. Already the responsiveness of the American people to the recent crisis has proved to be the major factor in helping to avoid the serious nsequences that the winter might have brought. That nservation must ntinue. The required increase in domestic supplies cannot be achieved so rapidly. It will involve the development of entirely new sources of energy as well as the expanded development of oil and al resources; it will require a significant expansion of our research and development efforts; it will require a shift from the use of scarce fuels to those which are more plentiful but also more expensive than the cheap energy to which we have been accustomed; it will require that we enurage both exploration and production; it will mean that as we act to prevent the energy industry from making unnscionable windfall profits, we must also avoid crippling that industry with punitive legislation; and finally, it will require that we make some difficult decisions as we sort out our enomic and environmental priorities. As we seek to act domestically to increase fuel supplies, we will act internationally in an effort to obtain oil at reasonable prices. Unreasonable increases in the st of so vital a mmodity as oil poses a threat to the entire structure of international enomic relations. Not only U.S. jobs, prices and inmes are at stake, but the general pattern of international operation is at stake as well. It is our hope that we can work out operative efforts with our friends abroad so that we eau all meet our energy needs without disrupting our enomies and without disrupting our enomic relationships. Last week I sent to the Congress a mprehensive special message setting forth our energy situation, our energy prospects, our energy needs, and the legislative measures I nsider necessary for meeting those needs. I shall not repeat that analysis nor the full list of those remmendations today. I do want to urge, however, that the critical energy measures which I have proposed be made the first order of legislative business in this session of the Congress, and that work go forward expeditiously on the others. Those measures which I request be given the highest priority are the following: --A special energy act which would permit additional restrictions on energy nsumption and would postpone temporarily certain Clean Air Act requirements for power plants and automotive emissions; --A windfall profits tax which would prevent private profiteering at the expense of public sacrifice; --Unemployment insurance for people in areas impacted by serious enomic dislocation; and --Mandatory reporting by major energy mpanies on their inventories, their production and their reserves. I am also asking that the Congress quickly establish the Federal Energy Administration and the Energy Research and Development Administration to provide the appropriate organizational structure for administering the national energy policy, as we work toward the establishment of a Department of Energy and Natural Resources. The other energy measures I requested last week deal with longer-term needs, extending beyond the present emergency. But these also require expeditious action if we are to achieve the goal of Project Independence--a capacity for energy self-sufficiency by . The success of Project Independence is essential to the ntinued strength of our position in world trade, and also to our independence of action as a great power. I hope that our joint efforts now to resolve the energy crisis and to move toward a capacity for self-sufficiency in energy will enable the President who addresses the th Congress a decade from now to look back and say we made it possible for America to enjoy ntinued peace and prosperity in the s. "THE NATION'S ECONOMY   THE WORLD ECONOMY" During the past three years the United States has reached an unprecedented level of material prosperity. Industrial output has set new rerds. Trade has flourished. Consumption has risen to the highest levels in history. Even our inflation rate-the most serious enomic problem we now face--has been one of the lowest in the industrialized free world. The major policy decisions we took in ntributed significantly to this prosperity--both here and in other untries. It was clear, for example, as we moved into the s that the international monetary system adopted after World War II needed major adjustments. Unsustainable imbalances had developed, threatening a resurgence of protectionism and a disruption of world trade. This is why I decided to take some very strong measures in August of , measures that have resulted in a major realignment of world currency values, progress toward new and more flexible international monetary management, and negotiations toward a more open and equitable trading system. These adjustments, while essential, were not easy. But now we have finally entered into a more flexible and realistic international financial system. Much remains to be done to mplete the transition, but its beneficial results are already clear. The realignment of currency values helped produce an increase of percent--or more than billion in the rate of U.S. exports during the past two years, along with a major improvement in our trade balance. This improvement was good not only for us, but also for the rest of the world. In addition, the shocks to the world enomy arising from reduced food supplies in and , and in recent months from the oil embargo and the arbitrary increases in the price of oil, all were managed without panic under the new arrangements. Indeed, world trade has ntinued to expand, despite these temporary difficulties. INTERNATIONAL TRADE BARRIERS A vigorous international trade is vital to the American enomy. Jobs for American workers depend on our ability to develop foreign markets. Moreover, American nsumers deserve access to foreign-made products that might be less expensive, or more interesting, or unavailable in the United States. But if trade is to be advantageous over the long run, it must be nducted on a basis which is fair to all participants. There are still many unnecessary barriers to trade which need to be lowered or removed. While improvements have been made in this situation during the last years, we need now to build on this progress and to negotiate for more open access both to markets and supplies. This is why I call upon the Congress with special urgency to mplete action on my proposed Trade Reform Act, in order to provide the authority we will need to negotiate effectively for reductions in barriers to trade, to improve the trading system, and to manage trade problems at home more effectively. As the Senate nsiders this legislation, I would draw its attention particularly to provisions added in the House which would seriously impede our efforts to achieve more harmonious international relationships. These provisions would effectively prevent both the extension of nondiscriminatory tariff treatment and of credits to certain Communist untries unless they followed a policy which allowed unrestricted emigration. I am nvinced that such a prohibition would only make more difficult the kind of operative effort between the United States and other governments which is necessary if we are to work together for peace in the Middle East and throughout the world. I am nfident that by working with the Congress we can find a solution to this problem that will avoid a major setback in our peacemaking efforts. At the same time, we must move forward with current negotiations to reform the international payments system under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund. These negotiations are designed to increase the opportunities for all nations to trade and invest profitably. The U.S. has already presented proposals for deterring the growth of significant imbalances in international monetary affairs while preserving for each nation a wide freedom in choosing how necessary adjustments can best be acmplished. In addition, the system will also have to acmmodate the increased payments flow and prospective reserve accumulations occasioned by higher oil prices. If, however, other nations share with us the will to preserve a healthy and growing world enomy, I am nfident that a mutually acceptable solution to this problem will be achieved. In practice, this means that our markets must increasingly be open to imports from developing untries--a ndition that would be significantly facilitated by enactment of the Trade Reform Act. It also means that the Congress must ntinue to authorize and appropriate our fair share of both bilateral and multilateral enomic assistance, including a substantial ntribution to the International Development Association which helps the poorest untries. In we successfully negotiated a reduction of the United States share from percent to one-third of IDA funds. We cannot let the action of the House in voting against IDA stand as our final answer. We will work hard with the Congress to ensure that this untry ntinues to play a leadership role, nsistent with our own enomic situation, so that long-term enomic development can ntinue to be planned in an orderly manner. Along with trade and monetary problems, new international agreements on investment policies and new mechanisms for dispute settlement are high on our negotiating agenda for the ming year. We must ntinue to work for enomic arrangements which permit the beneficial flow of international investment so that all may derive the maximum benefit from their own resources. To that end, I am glad to be able to note that this week the United States mpleted the phaseout of ntrols on flows of capital from this untry. The recent oil embargo and especially arbitrary increases in the price of oil have created major enomic problems for many untries, including the United States. If ntinued, these policies would require enormous transfers of goods and assets from oil importing nations, transfers which would represent a serious burden for even the wealthiest untries and which would be virtually unbearable for the less developed untries. Our objectives are clear--we must get world oil prices down from levels that are arbitrary and exploitative. We must also operate to ensure that the international and domestic enomic policies of the advanced untries do not mpound the enomic disturbances created by the current emergency but rather that we do all that can be done to ntain and limit those disturbances. THE DOMESTIC ECONOMY Despite our general prosperity, inflation remains a most serious enomic problem, not only in the United States but also for the rest of the world. We see clear evidence of this problem at every hand. World oil prices have gone up recently at dramatic rates. World food, metals and other mmodities prices are also up sharply. Because domestic prices cannot be isolated from international prices, worldwide inflationary pressures have helped to drive up prices here at home. Inflation has been a ntinuous problem for nearly a decade, and it got worse in . The result has been that people have me to expect ntinuing price increases--and to behave acrdingly in their own enomic life. Their behavior, in turn, adds further to inflationary pressures, ntributing to a vicious inflationary spiral which is difficult to break. Some people have said that the best way to wring these inflationary expectations out of our enomy is by taking the enomy into a recession. I disagree. It is true that a lower level of enomic activity would reduce demand and thus lower the pressure for higher prices. However, the st of such a policy in terms of increased unemployment would simply be unacceptable. By the same token, I also reject the notion that we should totally ignore inflation and ncentrate solely on stimulating higher levels of employment. This policy would also involve too high a st since it would unleash a further acceleration of the inflation rate. In developing my enomic policy for , I have chosen what I believe is a sound middle road: to cushion the enomic slowdown we expect during without providing additional stimulus for inflation. We expect this policy to reduce the rate of inflation by the end of the year. Should there appear to be a serious threat of a severe slowdown, then we will act promptly and vigorously to support the enomy. As we pe with the challenge of inflation, we must regnize the clear lesson of recent years: While direct ntrols over prices and wages can help fight inflation in the short-run, they have a very limited useful life. Inevitably, their eventual effect is to create or aggravate significant distortions in production and distribution. Acrdingly, I will ntinue to watch the wage-price situation closely and to pursue a policy of gradual, selective dentrol except in particularly troublesome areas. At the same time, those Federal programs that will help reduce inflation by increasing the supply of scarce resources will be strengthened. One key area where we can look forward to expanded supplies is that of food. With a new national farm policy that enurages rather than disurages output, we achieved a rerd harvest in and another rerd harvest now appears likely in . Increased agricultural output is the only sure way to bring food prices down--and increased output is what our new policies are producing. Rapid inflation is not inevitable and it must not be tolerated. To regain ntrol of inflation, however, will require patience and persistence over the long urse. My Administration is dedicated to achieving this objective and we are nfident that with the help of the American people we will succeed. Another most pressing enomic problem-and a major ntributor to inflation-is the energy crisis. As the st of using our own fuel resources came to exceed the st of imports in the 's, it became increasingly attractive for us to import oil and petroleum products. Unfortunately, our growing dependence on imports made our entire enomy more vulnerable to outside forces. That vulnerability has been tested in recent months--as has the even greater vulnerability of the developed untries of Western Europe and Japan and the less developed untries which have no oil. Every American has learned the nsequences of this vulnerability: short fuel supplies and higher fuel prices. To a large extent, our flexible, adaptable enomy will solve the longer run energy problem through the normal workings of the marketplace. As energy prices reach somewhat higher levels than the bargain rates of the past, nservation will be enuraged while domestic energy production will be expanded. One example of normal market forces at work has been the recent shift to smaller cars with better gas mileage. Over the next few years we can also expect to see an expansion of al production and new output of oil and natural gas. Nevertheless, we will still have to import some of the oil we will need in the immediate future. It is essential, therefore, that we seek a more reasonable price for oil in the world market. It is also imperative that we review our current and prospective supplies of other basic mmodities. I have therefore directed that a mprehensive report and policy analysis be made ncerning this crucial matter so that governmental actions can properly anticipate and help avoid other damaging shortages. "Even with the inflation and energy problems, was a year of many important enomic gains for American people.   First, employment in increased by . million persons; this . percent rise in employment was the largest since . New job opportunities greatly benefitted all categories of workers, including women, non-whites, teenagers, and Vietnam veterans. Unemployment reached low levels, especially for skilled workers." Send, the purchasing power of the American people reached new highs last year. Even after allowing for price increases, people are now nsuming more goods and services than they did a year ago, or in any other year in the entire history of the United States. Not everyone's purchasing power went up, of urse. Inflation took its toll on many families whose inme did not rise as fast as that of the average American. It is for this reason that we ntinue to regard inflation as a very serious enemy. At the same time, however, we should not ignore the substantial enomic gains that have been made. PERSPECTIVE ON We have known for some time that a slowdown in enomic growth is inevitable in . It has been clear that our enomy has simply been growing at an unsustainable rate. Shortages of skilled workers, full utilization of plant and equipment in key industries, and short supplies of a number of essential raw materials have all provided clear indications that our rate of growth would have to taper off. Unfortunately, the very mild slowdown which we anticipated for now threatens to be somewhat more pronounced because of the oil embargo, the resulting shortages, and the oil price increase. We expect, therefore, that during the early part of this year output will rise little if at all, unemployment will rise somewhat and inflation will be high. Our objective, however, is to turn this situation around so that later in the year output will be rising more rapidly, while unemployment will stop rising and will then decline, and the rate of inflation will slow. ROLE OF THE FEDERAL BUDGET The budget that I will remmend to the Congress next week will help us achieve our goals for this period. It will support the enomy, resisting a major slowdown, but it will not provide a degree of stimulation that uld accelerate inflation. If future events suggest that a change in fiscal policy is desirable, I will promptly remmend the appropriate changes. In particular, I will not hesitate to use the stimulus of fiscal policy if it bemes necessary to preserve jobs in the face of an unexpected slackening in enomic activity. For fiscal year , my budget remmends total spending of . billion, an increase of . billion over the current year. The increase is being held to the minimum level necessary--nearly percent of the increase is unavoidable under existing law. The budgeted increase in relatively ntrollable outlays is only . percent. Federal receipts should reach billion during fiscal year , an increase of billion. The projected budget deficit is . billion. Under nditions of full employment, however, Federal receipts would be substantially higher and there would instead be a moderate budget surplus. The Federal budget remains an essential tool in the fight against inflation. With the energy supply limitations we are experiencing and the price pressures they create, budget discipline is still required. I have noted with satisfaction that most Members of the Congress have also regnized the need for budgetary discipline, and that work is going forward to establish a more systematic budgeting procedure. The Congress devoted nsiderable effort in to developing a mechanism for ordinating its individual spending decisions with the budget as a whole. I ntinue to support this effort, although I have been troubled by some of the extraneous amendments which have been added to some of the measures for achieving this goal. I urge the Congress to enact workable budget reform in this legislative session. TAX REFORM Our entire enomy is affected by the incentives for job-creating investments that are embodied in our tax laws. Major steps have been taken to reform our tax laws in the past five years, but much remains to be done. Since --primarily through the Tax Reform Act of and the Revenue Act of --major changes have been introduced to make the personal inme tax system nform more nearly to ntemporary standards of fairness. Both the higher level of personal exemptions and the low inme allowance have worked to free more than eight million low inme families from their entire Federal inme tax burden. The difference in the tax liability for single and married taxpayers has also been reduced. As a result of these and other tax changes, individual inme taxes will be about billion less in than they would have been under the old tax laws. The saving in the tax burden for a typical family will be more than , or the equivalent of two weekly take-home paychecks for the average worker. I look forward to working with the Congress during the next few months not only to simplify our tax laws themselves, but also to simplify the tax forms that individuals fill out and to distribute the inme tax burden more equitably. Last April, the Secretary of the Treasury presented to the Congress a set of Administration proposals for major and fundamental tax reform. Included in these proposals were the establishment of a minimum taxable inme so that no one uld avoid paying a fair share of the tax burden, the establishment of new rules for taxing inme from foreign sources, and also a limitation on artificial acunting losses to eliminate so-called tax shelters." I urge the Congress to nsider the Administration's tax reform proposals early in the year. I have also been ncerned about the excessive burdens imposed on our low inme elderly families by State and local property taxes. To deal with this problem, I have proposed a refundable tax credit for those low inme elderly persons whose property taxes exceed five percent of their inme. The proposal would also provide equivalent relief for the low inme elderly individual who pays rent. I again urge the Congress to enact this very important proposal. FINANCIAL REFORM The health of our enomy depends upon an efficient and flexible private financial system--mmercial banks, thrift institutions, credit unions, and a host of other institutions and individuals that mprise the financial sector of our enomy. The average family depends on these institutions, both to provide a fair and reliable return on its savings and to provide credit on reasonable terms when needed to buy homes, automobiles and other purchases. There have been occasions recently when this financial system has not worked as well as it should--occasions, for example, when mortgage lending has been very difficult to obtain. In large part these problems have been the result of legislation, regulations and institutional arrangements which were suited to an earlier time but which are now obsolete. To remedy this problem I submitted draft legislation last year which reflected the results of careful study by a Presidential mmission and Government experts. I again urge the Congress to act promptly on this matter so that American families, businessmen, and local governments can be served by a financial system suited to the enomic nditions of the s. The Administration is also studying the mpetitive position of foreign banks within this untry and of American banks abroad to make sure that discriminatory regulations do not prevent American banks and other financial institutions from doing business they are entitled to do. I will be following the results of this study with nsiderable interest and will submit to the Congress any proposals resulting from the study which seem desirable. A HEALTHY AGRICULTURAL ECONOMY Abundance is the primary goal of our farm policy--abundance that can guarantee lower food prices for every American and higher inmes for all American farmers. Five years ago, agriculture was a troubled industry: --Government ntrols were reducing incentives for production and sting the taxpayers over billion a year in farm subsidies designed to hold down production. --Farm inme was low . billion) and the long hours worked by farmers earned them an average inme that was percent below the nonfarm average. Farm families had been leaving the farm at an average rate of over , a year. Today, that picture has been dramatically altered: --Farm markets have expanded dramatically. Farm exports have set new rerds in each of the last four years, beming the largest single factor in the Nation's balance of payments and strengthening the dollar in international money markets. --Farm production has reached new rerd levels in each of the last three years, and a new rerd harvest should be forthming in . --The billions of tax dollars which used to go for farm price support payments for basic mmodities every year will be reduced to nearly zero. --Farm inme has reached rerd levels. By , the gap between farm inme and nonfarm inme had closed from to percent. Net farm inme was up from . billion to . billion. We are making this progress not through more Government regulation but less. One of the proudest achievements of this Administration was the enactment of the Agriculture and Consumer Protection Act of , which places production decisions where they belong--with farmers, not with the Government. A primary challenge for Federal agricultural policies now is to enurage greater production of agricultural goods-which will mean more inme for the farmer, greater international trading benefits for the Nation, and reasonable food prices for the nsumer. I am therefore asking the Congress to revamp the programs which still require restrictive Federal ntrol over the production of some remaining farm mmodities--especially rice, peanuts, tobac, sugar, and extra long staple tton. To further enhance agricultural activity, the Administration will also: --Promote longer-run soil and water nservation practices. --Consolidate the locations of local offices of Federal agricultural agencies-specifically, the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service, the Soil Conservation Service, the Farmers Home Administration, and the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation--creating one-stop agricultural service centers on the local level to make things easier for the farmer and less stly for the Government. --Place high priority on directing agricultural research into those areas which will assure plentiful agricultural goods at reasonable prices, maintain our mpetitive advantage in world agricultural production, and protect the land. At my direction, Secretary Kissinger recently proposed to the United Nations that it nvene a World Food Conference, a ncern made urgent by acute food shortages in many parts of the world. This nference, to be held in November of , should prove of particular importance to the American farmer, whose extraordinary productivity has made this Nation the world's leading food exporter and whose own prosperity will ntinue to increase as we help to meet the needs of a hungry world. Our farm policy must of urse address not only the needs of the farmer but also those of the nsumer. During , we experienced a period of rapidly increasing food prices. Those prices leveled off in late , but now we appear to be heading into a period of increasing food prices for at least the next few months. It is our intention to hold these increases to the smallest possible rate through executive actions such as lifting the quota on wheat imports, an action that I took last week. But the most significant force in the battle against higher food prices is higher production. This summer and fall, the large harvest should be ming on the market, serving as the best possible damper on higher prices. ECONOMIC SECURITY One of the most significant legislative achievements of was the enactment of the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act CETA). A form of manpower revenue sharing, this bill transfers from the Federal Government to States and localities significant ntrol over the design and operation of programs to improve the employability of the unemployed and the underemployed. CETA is a landmark of the New Federalism. It is also a landmark on the way to better manpower programs. Under this legislation, State and local governments will be able to use Federal funds to meet locally-determined needs and to devote special attention to employment problems with particular local impact-as, for example, those that might arise in certain areas as a result of the present energy shortage. In my new budget, I am including an additional million for CETA in the current fiscal year, and million in the year beginning July I, for distribution to areas with high unemployment. Overall, I am requesting more than billion to fund our training and employment programs in the ming year. Other proposals related to enomic security that I made to the Congress last year, and on which I again urge action, include: --The establishment of minimum vesting, funding and fiduciary standards for private pension programs, so that workers uld have greater assurance of receiving the pensions they expect and deserve when they retire. I urge that we work together to resolve speedily the remaining disagreements and to enact responsible legislation which increases employee protection without burdening employers to such an extent that existing plans are jeopardized or new ones disuraged. --Extension to State and local governments of the law forbidding employment discrimination against older workers. --Improvement of the Federal-State unemployment insurance program in several ways: by increasing the State limits that keep some unemployed workers from receiving a reasonable proportion of their normal wage, by extending verage to farmworkers, and by prohibiting payment of benefits to strikers while assuring benefits to non-participants unemployed as a result of a strike. These general improvements in unemployment insurance should be augmented by a special extension of present benefits for those specific areas of the untry which experience particularly high levels of unemployment over the next months. In addition, basic verage should be provided for those in these areas who do not at present have any unemployment insurance. I will submit special legislation to achieve this purpose. I also ntinue to support legislation to raise the minimum wage. Higher prices have eroded the purchasing power of workers receiving the current minimum wage. But we must be careful to guard against enacting a bill which includes sharp increases or verage extensions that would keep low inme workers from being employed or a bill with a minimum wage for youths so high that we unwittingly deny them jobs. Finally, we must attack one of the most troublesome problems faced by both rural and urban areas; the existence of persistent and often severe unemployment or low inmes in areas whose character has been altered by changes in our enomy and technology. Within the next several weeks, I will propose an Enomic Adjustment Assistance program to help States and mmunities in overming problems caused by structural changes in their enomies. This program would replace the present Enomic Development Administration and the Regional Action Planning Commissions after a period of orderly transition. INCOME SECURITY "One measure of a nation's character is the respect it acrds to its elderly. Another is the way it helps those in need. We can be proud of the efforts we have made, but it is time to reassess where we are and what direction we should take in the future.   We can take pride in the fact that:   --Cash benefits under social security have risen from billion in fiscal year to billion in fiscal year , primarily as the result of five benefit increases totaling almost percent and reaching million persons." --A program of Supplemental Security Inme has been initiated and will soon be providing benefits to more than million of the low-inme aged, blind, and disabled, on a uniform, nationwide basis in a way that respects their dignity. But our inme security programs need more than improved benefits. Over the past thirty-five years, a multitude of federally funded programs has grown up whose primary purpose is inme security for those in need. Each of these efforts reflects a humane attempt to respond to a worthy goal. However, as cash, in-kind and service programs have rapidly expanded in the past few years, two things have beme painfully clear: --First, the result is an extremely stly set of generally unrelated, unordinated programs with many unintended and undesirable nsequences; and --Send, these efforts neither efficiently nor equitably acmplish the overall objective of assisting lower inme families and individuals to achieve greater enomic independence. The fact that a third of the new Federal budget-- billion--will be spent on inme security programs in fiscal year , mpared to the billion, or one-fifth of the budget, which they received just five years ago, highlights the need to rationalize and integrate our inme assistance programs. As long ago as , I called for a mplete overhaul of our discredited welfare programs. I said then that whether measured by the anguish of the poor themselves, or by the drastically mounting burden on the taxpayer, the present welfare system has to be judged a lossal failure." At that time, I proposed the Family Assistance Plan. Neither the Congress nor the untry, accepted that proposal. I do not intend to resubmit a new version of the Family Assistance Plan. Since then, we have made a ncerted effort to improve the administration of the existing programs. In , for the first time in recent years, because of vigorous new Federal and State initiatives to enforce the rules more strictly, growth in the Aid to Families With Dependent Children case load was halted. But, in their overall impact, the welfare programs remain a failure and an outrage. As an example of the failure, recent studies have shown that fully percent of the AFDC benefits being paid are either going to ineligible persons or are inrrect in amount. This performance is not just the result of fraud, although there is some of that. It is primarily and overwhelmingly the result of a system which is so mplex and so riddled with obscure, obsolete and inmprehensible regulations that it defies fair and efficient administration. I plan to make a major new effort to replace the current maze of welfare programs with a system that works. This task will be difficult, but we have no other alternative, save further waste--both of lives and dollars. I welme the evidence that thoughtful Members of the Congress, after careful study, have reached the same nclusion. "While this effort goes forward, I will make every possible effort to improve the operation of the existing programs through administrative reforms, regnizing that a replacement system cannot be developed, enacted, and put into operation overnight. But, unless we move urgently to the development of a new system, efforts to improve the administration of the present programs wilt eventually be undermined by their basic structural flaws.   In the development of my proposal, I will be guided by five principles:" () All Americans who are able to work should find it more rewarding to work than to go on welfare. Americans would strongly prefer to have good jobs rather than a Federal handout. While we should provide cash assistance to those in need, we must always enurage mplete self-support for those who are capable of it. () Cash assistance is what low-inme people need most from the Federal Government. The people themselves, not the Federal Government, know their own needs best. () We need to focus Federal help on those who need it most. People in need should receive equal treatment from the Federal Government regardless of their place of residence. () The new system should be as simple as possible to administer with rules that are clear and understandable. It should be based on objective criteria rather than the personal judgment of administering officials. And it should be efficient. () This new approach should not require an increased tax burden for any of us. Too much of the inme of all of us now goes to support Government. We help no one--certainly not those in poverty-by weakening our free enterprise system by even higher taxation. Starting from these basic principles, I believe we can develop a new system which would ensure that those who can help themselves do help themselves, and which would allow those who cannot help themselves to live with dignity and self-respect. IMPROVING OUR PEOPLE'S HEALTH In February of , I outlined to the Congress a new national health strategy to assure that no American would be denied access to high quality medical care because of an inability to pay. Much has already been acmplished toward meeting that objective. A little over two years ago, I took special satisfaction in signing into law the National Cancer Act, which enabled us to launch an accelerated effort to nquer this dread disease. Considerable progress has been made in our attack on cancer and there is much hope that additional knowledge can be developed in the future. In the budget that I will submit to the Congress next Monday I plan to ask for an additional million above last year's request of million for the expanded attack on cancer. In addition, biomedical research in other areas, including heart disease, has been intensified--and the total budget for biomedical research will exceed billion, more than double the total in fiscal year . We are also making headway toward increasing the Nation's supply of health manpower. During the last ten years, first year medical school enrollments have grown by more than percent. The number of other health professionals also can be expected to grow dramatically. Just last month, I approved legislation along the lines I requested in to permit the Federal Government to support the demonstration of health maintenance organizations across the Nation. During both and , million will be provided through health maintenance organizations to demonstrate the benefits of prepaid health care to our citizens. Federal programs to finance health services for the aged, for the disabled, and for low inme persons have been greatly expanded. Since , Medicare and Medicaid verage has been extended to an additional million aged, disabled, and low-inme Americans. The range of services vered under Medicare and Medicaid has also increased. Consumer safety programs--to assure safe foods, drugs, smetics, and other nsumer products--have received almost a fourfold increase in Federal funding since . "Despite all these advances, however, too many Americans still fail to receive needed health care because of its sts. And too often the sts of health care threaten our citizens with bankruptcy while the services that can prevent or cure disease are not fully utilized.   As one of my major new initiatives for , I shall soon submit to the Congress a mprehensive health insurance proposal which would:" --Make available health insurance protection to millions of Americans who currently cannot obtain or afford the private health insurance verage they need. --Provide all Americans with vastly improved protection against catastrophic illness. --Place a new emphasis on preventive health care. --Provide State and Federal subsidies for low-inme families, and for those whose special health risks would otherwise make them uninsurable or insurable only at exorbitant expense. My mprehensive health insurance proposal will build upon the strengths of the existing health system, rather than destroying it. It will maintain the high quality of medical care without requiring higher taxes. It will be based on partnership, not on paternalism. And most importantly, it will. require doctors to work for their patients, not for the Federal Government. This plan would require that employers offer a mprehensive health insurance plan to all their full-time employees, with the employer paying a share of its sts. The role of private health insurance in financing health care would be expanded and the nsumer's opportunity to choose between mpeting health insurance plans would be enhanced. In addition to this plan, there are a number of other health-related measures that I urge the Congress to enact this year. These include: --A Health Resources Planning Act, to help States and localities improve their planning and use of health resources; --New and expanded national health service scholarship legislation, to increase the number of Federal scholarships available to students in health professions, and also to help ensure that the Federal Government can meet its needs for physicians; and, --A general expansion of the guaranteed student loan program, to provide adequate financial assistance to all professional and graduate students, including health professionals. IMPROVING EDUCATION "The Federal Government should provide strong leadership in assuring equal access to a high quality education for all Americans and in bringing about renewal and reform of all of our education programs.   Since , we have raised Federal spending for education from . billion to . billion--an increase of percent." In special messages to the Congress on education in the past, I set forth five major proposals to improve American education. They were: --A new program of student assistance to help to ensure--for the first time in the Nation's history--that no qualified person is barred from attending llege by lack of money. --A National Institute of Education, to be the focal point for educational research and development aimed at increasing our knowledge of how to help students learn. --A National Foundation for Higher Education, to enurage innovation in learning beyond high school. --An Emergency School Aid program to assist desegregating school districts. --A thorough reform of the programs for Federal support of elementary and sendary education, nsolidating the myriad separate categorical grant programs in order to transfer educational decisions back to the State and local levels where they belong. The first four of these basic proposals have been enacted, in whole or in part, and a great deal has already been acmplished through them. As for the fifth, reform of Federal funding for elementary and sendary education, I believe that should be the year of its enactment. COLLEGE STUDENT ASSISTANCE The Basic Educational Opportunity Grant Program is the primary vehicle in my effort to ensure that no qualified student be denied a llege education because of lack of funds. In my new budget, I am asking Congressional approval to strengthen this program by providing grants of up to , a year for needy students. Altogether, when mbined with other student funding efforts, the Federal Government in the ming fiscal year would provide an estimated . billion of financial aid to post-sendary students, an increase of over million from the level of five years ago. Since the present student assistance programs are targeted to help the neediest, and because the sts of higher education have risen dramatically, many middle inme students are now finding it increasingly difficult to make ends meet. I therefore also remmend that the limit on total borrowing be increased so that professional and other graduate students will be able to find adequate student loans. EDUCATIONAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT When I originally proposed the creation of a National Institute of Education, I suggested that providing equal opportunity for quality education means, in part, increasing our knowledge about the ways that students learn and then changing the way we teach them. For too long we have followed the belief that bigger educational programs are necessarily better educational programs and that money alone can solve our educational problems. But now we are beginning to see that the quality of our thinking about education can be as important as the size of our educational budget. The National Institute of Education can help us to marshal our educational resources in ways which will produce the best results. It has already begun to provide the kind of leadership in educational research and development which I have long believed was needed. "EDUCATIONAL INNOVATION BEYOND HIGH   SCHOOL" While the National Foundation for Higher Education which I proposed in has not been established, the Fund for the Improvement of Post-sendary education was set up by the Congress. The fund is now providing support for the development and demonstration of more effective approaches to llege level education. Our initial assessment leads me to believe that the fund will, in the years to me, beme the primary focal point for innovation in higher education. ASSISTING SCHOOL DESEGREGATION Under the Emergency School Aid Act of , an estimated million in Federal funds will have been provided to local school districts by the end of to assist in the process of elementary and sendary school desegregation, to enurage voluntary programs to overme minority group isolation, and to assist in meeting the educational needs of children who, because of racial isolation, have not had an equal educational opportunity. By the - school year, the bulk of the problems incident to de jure" segregation should have passed. However, to provide assistance to those other school districts which may still be required to take special desegregation measures as the result of urt rulings, I have budgeted an additional million for fiscal year . In addition, the Federal Government will ntinue to provide civil rights education advisory activities to local districts to assist them in meeting any remaining problems. BUSING I have often expressed my opposition to the use of forced busing for purposes of achieving racial balance. I have also proposed legislation which would dictate reasonable limits on the use of forced busing, and I have opposed the nsolidation of school districts in an effort to achieve racial balance in the larger district. Such nsolidation plans have only led to more busing and the eventual disappearance of the neighborhood school. The end result of an excessive reliance on forced busing and the imposition of arbitrary ratios has frequently been an increasing ncentration of the poor and minorities in our central cities and the serious weakening of the very school systems which must serve them. In some cases, the education of minority children has actually suffered, not benefitted, from such plans. I shall ntinue to support the passage of legislation which makes busing only a last resort tightly circumscribed even then. I will also ntinue to work with the Congress to revise my proposals in light of unfolding events in this area. "FUNDING ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY   EDUCATION" I am enuraged by the interest the Congress has ntinued to show in legislation which follows the ncepts put forward in my proposed Better Schools Act. I believe that meaningful mpromise is now possible, and that we can at last reform and nsolidate Federal grants for elementary and sendary education, vocational programs and adult education. "I hope that the Congress will include four basic elements in this reform:   --Consolidation of existing categorical grant programs." --Granting greater decision-making authority to State and local educational agencies. --Greater equity in the distribution of Federal funds to the States for the education of disadvantaged children. --Reform of the impact aid program to ncentrate support in those districts where the Federal presence has substantially decreased the tax base, rather than those in which it has increased the tax base. Upon enactment of legislative authorities that acmplish these goals for elementary and sendary education, vocational programs and adult education, I will propose special supplemental appropriations to provide funding for the - school year. This funding would place most elementary and sendary education grant programs on a forward funded" basis, letting State and local agencies know how much they will receive while plans for the next school year are being made. Forward funding" is an important ncept in the financing of education, and it merits the full support of the Federal Government. As I noted in my message sent to the Congress on education policy last week, I also remmend additional support for several other educational programs-some old and some new. These include: --An additional increase in aid to black lleges and other developing institutions during fiscal year , thus quadrupling Federal funds for these important educational institutions since I took office. --Continuation and extension of the Head Start program, our single largest child development program. In , Head Start will reach , disadvantaged youths year-round, as well as some , pre-schoolers during the summer-and it will extend its activities to include handicapped youth. --The nsolidation of eight separate authorities for education of the handicapped into four broader and more flexible programs. NON-PUBLIC SCHOOLS I remain firmly mmitted to the principle of educational diversity. The ntinued health of the Nation's non-public schools is essential to this ncept. Although governmental efforts aimed at supporting these schools have enuntered difficulty in the urts, I believe we must ntinue our efforts to find ways to keep these schools open. For that reason, I ntinue to support legislation which permits tax credits for parents who pay to send their children to non-public schools. HELPING OUR VETERANS Twenty-nine million Americans living today have given military service to their untry. As a group, veterans are among our most productive citizens. Studies show that they generally have higher inmes, more education, and better health than non-veterans of the same age. We can be proud of the veterans' ntributions, but we must also be ncerned for those veterans and veterans' families who remain in need. The assistance provided to veterans and their families in recent years has been substantial: --Total mpensation payments for veterans disabled or killed in military service have been increased from . billion in to . billion in the ming fiscal year. --Medical care in VA hospitals and clinics has been greatly improved and expanded, with ten new or replacement hospitals now in service and five more in preparation. --Educational benefits per trainee have more than doubled since . --Last year two key measures--one expanding health care and the other improving the national cemetery system for veterans--were passed and signed into law. --Of vital importance, the unemployment rate for Vietnam era veterans has been sliced from percent in early to percent by late . As a result, Vietnam era veterans have a higher employment rate than others of their same age, a significant achievement that is well deserved. Earlier this week, in a special message to the Congress, I proposed additional legislation to help veterans in two crucial areas in --pensions and education. My pension proposals would benefit some I million veterans and . million veterans' survivors who are in enomic need because of disability, age, or the loss of a breadwinner. VA pensions already go a long way toward meeting such needs, but the pension structure itself is fraught with inequities and anomalies that are technical in nature but tragic in nsequence. My proposals would rrect these deficiencies. Veterans now in training require additional help if their GI bill allowances are to keep pace with rising sts. I shall therefore propose that GI bill benefits be raised by an average of percent. I have also set a goal for the Government of placing an additional . million veterans in jobs or job training. There remain sizable numbers of educationally disadvantaged veterans and service-disabled veterans who have never taken advantage of Federal training opportunities and are now unemployed. I have directed that, as a matter of high priority, the Federal Government's efforts to reach these veterans be intensified and that they be unselled and enuraged to use the available services. "EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL   AMERICANS" This Administration has made a determined effort to secure equal opportunity for those who have been previously denied such opportunity. I am personally very proud of the success those efforts have already achieved, and I am mmitted to building on that success in the future. PROGRESS FOR MINORITY GROUPS Members of racial minority groups have made nsiderable strides toward equal opportunity in recent years. The following are among the more notable benchmarks of this progress: --Setting an example as an Equal Opportunity Employer in the past five years, the Federal Government has added more than , minority group members to its civilian employee roles. "--In the Armed Forces, more than minority-group cadets are now enrolled in the military academies; and whereas prior to only four minority group members had ever achieved general or flag rank in the armed forces, now sixteen serve on active duty as generals and admirals.   --Federal aid to minority business enterprises-- one of the rnerstones of the Administration's effort to open new enomic horizons for minority group members-has nearly tripled since ." --Civil rights enforcement activities have ntinued at a vigorous level, with their funding substantially increased. --Since , mbined Federal expenditures on civil rights activities and minority enomic development programs have grown from less than billion to . billion. --Five years ago percent of all black children in the South were still attending all-black schools. Now that figure has been reduced to percent, and the dual school system has been virtually eliminated. --The Government has also sought to expand job opportunities through legal actions of its own against those who may be engaged in discriminatory practices. During and the Department of Justice initiated pattern and practice lawsuits against approximately defendants. These suits directly vered more than , employees. During the same period of time, approximately cases were fully resolved by entry of decrees and an additional six were partially resolved by the entry of decrees. The decrees entered in those two years alone vered more than , employees and provide specific goals for the hiring of more than , minorities and women in traditionally white and male jobs. In addition, those decrees provide new transfer of seniority rights for approximately , minorities and women and provide for back pay awards which are estimated to amount to well over ,,. The real story lies not in these figures themselves, but in the facts and the attitudes they represent. They do not represent a flamboyant promise, but rather a quiet determination to work not only toward the symbols but also toward the substance of equal opportunity. They represent an effort to build foundations that will last--in particular, the foundation of enomic independence, and of a basic faith in the equal dignity of mankind. JUSTICE FOR AMERICAN INDIANS For too many years the American Indians-the first Americans--have been the last Americans to receive the rights and opportunities to which they are entitled. This Administration has taken the initiative to change this picture. For its part, the Federal Government must put behind it the role of autocratic manager of Indian reservations. We shall ntinue to enurage Indians and their tribal governments to play an increasing role in determining their own future. We are also particularly determined to defend the natural resources rights of Indian people. The last five years have been historic steps in Federal Indian policy. In , we worked closely with Indian leaders to achieve a settlement of Alaska Native claims, a settlement nsistent with America's sense of fairness and also indispensable to the growth and development of all of Alaska. We also returned lands taken away long ago from the Taos Pueblo at Blue Lake. We returned lands wrongfully taken from the Yakima people. Because the Menominee people have seen their tribal states involuntarily terminated but had nevertheless kept their land and their tribal structure together, the Congress enacted and I signed the bill which restored the Menominee tribe to trust status. In the urts, we are forcefully asserting Indian natural resources rights, as we have done in protecting Indian rights in Pyramid Lake. One measure of our attempt to foster a better, more humane policy is the level of Federal funding benefitting American Indians--over twice what it was five years ago or about . billion. I am especially enuraged by the fact that the rate of infant deaths, pneumonia, influenza, and tuberculosis is significantly lower among Indians than ever before. Although we have not yet achieved our full goals of health and educational services for the Indian people that are fully mpatible with those of the general population, this progress demonstrates our ntinuing mmitment. The Congress has shared in these acmplishments in a spirit of bipartisan operation. I hope that I will soon have on my desk two more enactments on which Congressional action is progressing: measures to speed Indian enomic development and to upgrade the position of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to the Assistant Secretary level. Also still awaiting Congressional action are four other proposals I have submitted previously: to permit turning over to Indian tribal governments the management and ntrol of Indian programs; to create an Indian Trust Counsel with authority to safeguard Indian natural resources rights; to help ensure that funds for Indian education actually reach Indian children; and to provide greater local ntrol over federally assisted reservation programs through a program of tribal grants. Looking forward, I shall ask that the Bureau of Indian Affairs make specific plans to accelerate the transfer of significant portions of its programs to Indian tribal management, although I repeat my assurance that, while accelerated, these transfers will not be forced on Indian tribes not willing to accept them. THE SPANISH-SPEAKING The Spanish-speaking citizens of our Nation face special problems in obtaining equal opportunities because of language and cultural barriers. For that reason, my Administration has made a special effort to expand those opportunities. Our progress on this front is reflected in many ways. Nearly , Spanish surnamed Americans have been employed by the Federal Government, despite an overall reduction in Federal jobs. The Small Business Administration has also increased its loans to Hispanic businessmen, reaching a total of million in fiscal year . In , the Cabinet Committee on Opportunities for the Spanish-speaking people was created. The Cabinet Committee has both made the Government more aware of the needs and the talents of Spanish-speaking citizens and helped to expand Federal employment of the Spanish-speaking. Since the authorization for this organization expires this year, I am asking the Congress to extend its life through June , . The Cabinet Committee on Opportunities for the Spanish-speaking serves to focus the Administration's ntinuing efforts in this important area of ncern. THE RIGHTS OF WOMEN Both men and women have beme increasingly aware of the pattern of sometimes blatant but often subtle discrimination to which women are subjected. Some of this discrimination can be erased by existing law; some requires new law; some would be rectified by the Equal Rights Amendment, now nearing ratification by the required three-fourths of the States. It is my hope that the Equal Rights Amendment will be ratified speedily so that equal justice under our laws will beme a reality for every American. One of the primary goals of this Administration is to ensure full equal employment opportunity for women by striving to open to women jobs that previously were reserved for men, often simply by habit or custom. Specifically, we have moved vigorously both to enforce the law and to lead by example---by insisting on equal employment and promotion opportunities within the Federal service, by promoting more women into the professionally critical areas of middle management and by ntinuing our special recruiting drive to bring more women into the highest levels of Government. To help advance these goals I have appointed the first woman Counsellor to the President, and she, in turn, has set up a new Office of Women's Programs within my executive office. We are particularly proud that this Administration is the first to have women as heads of three independent Federal agencies--the Atomic Energy Commission, the Federal Maritime Commission, and the United States Tariff Commission. The effort to improve the enomic status of women outside the Government is also ntinuing. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which has been given enforcement power in the Federal Courts, has reported a marked increase in its activities to end sex discrimination in employment. We will ntinue to pursue all these efforts with vigor. This emphasis is especially appropriate as we approach , which has been declared International Women's Year by the United Nations. One especially invidious form of sex discrimination in particular is ripe for rrection now through new legislation: the discrimination that often denies women equal access to credit. In an enomy that increasingly operates on credit, this is a particularly grievous practice. The Congress already has before it a proposal to ensure that credit is extended to all persons on an equitable basis, without regard to their sex or marital status. This Administration strongly supports this proposal and is sending to the Congress amendments which we believe will strengthen it even further. I urge prompt nsideration and passage of this vital legislation. PROTECTION AGAINST CRIME AND INVASIONS OF PRIVACY Over the past five years I have had no higher domestic priority than rolling back the tide of crime and violence which rose in the s. I am therefore especially pleased with the progress we are making on this front: "--After years of ntinuous and often dramatic increases, crime in registered its first overall decline. Although in it again registered a slight increase, it still held below the level of   . Now that the momentum of increase has been broken, I am nfident that we can look forward to further reductions in crime rates in the years ahead." --Serious crime in our largest cities was actually reduced by percent between and . --In Washington, D.C where the Federal Government has special law enforcement responsibilities, crime has been cut in half since . Indictments and nvictions of organized crime racketeers have more than tripled since , thanks in large measure to the Organized Crime Control Act and to expanded Federal interagency strike forces. In addition, of urse, the riots, urban terrorism and burnings of the s have now beme a thing of the past. These indications of success do not mean that we should slacken our anti-crime effort, but that we should intensify it. Key elements of our strategy to do so--most of which will require the assistance of the Congress--include: --Comprehensive reform of the Federal Criminal Code. Last year I submitted a proposal which was based upon the work of the Justice Department and a five-year study mpleted by the National Commission on Reform of Federal Criminal Laws. The Federal criminal de has not been mpletely revised in a quarter century and the need for reform is urgent. I call upon the Congress to act expeditiously in reforming our criminal de, to make it both more workable and more responsive to the demands of our mplex society. --Restoration of the death penalty under the Federal Criminal Code for several especially heinous specific crimes which result in the death of innocent victims. Examples of such crimes are hijacking, kidnapping, or bombing. --Increased Federal assistance to State and local law enforcement agencies. For the next fiscal year, I propose funding through the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration of million--up from only million in . --Increasing the resources available to the U.S. Attorneys' offices throughout the Nation----offices which have, in the last three years, increased the number of criminal nvictions by percent. --Creation of additional Federal judgeships to assure speedier disposition of criminal cases. Legislation to acmplish this goal is now before the Congress. --Comprehensive improvement of Federal rrectional programs. Already additional rrectional institutions have been built, acquired or begun. My budget request would represent a tripling of 's budget levels. --A new effort to deal more effectively with employment problems caused by the increase in the number of illegal aliens entering this untry. Legislation to achieve this objective is also before the Congress. PROTECTING THE RIGHT OF PRIVACY One of the basic rights we cherish most in America is the right of privacy. With the advance of technology, that right has been increasingly threatened. The problem is not simply one of setting effective curbs on invasions of privacy, but even more fundamentally one of limiting the uses to which essentially private information is put, and of regnizing the basic proprietary rights each individual has in information ncerning himself. Privacy, of urse, is not absolute; it may nflict, for example, with the need to pursue justice. But where nflicts occur, an intelligent balance must be struck. One part of the current problem is that as technology has increased the ability of government and private organizations to gather and disseminate information about individuals, the safeguards needed to protect the privacy of individuals and mmunications have not kept pace. Another part of the problem is that clear definitions and standards ncerning the right of privacy have not been developed and agreed upon. I have therefore ordered an extensive Cabinet-level review--which will be undertaken this year--of both government and industry practices as they relate to the right of privacy, of the nflicts that arise and the balances that must be struck between legitimate needs for information and the right of privacy, and of those measures--including appropriate legislation-that can be taken to ensure that these balances are properly struck. ENDING DRUG ABUSE During the decade of the s, increasing numbers of Americans--including a high percentage of young people--each year turned to heroin and other drugs in search of new highs" and synthetic solutions" to the problems of life. In this retreat from reality, the Nation's drug problem grew dramatically. Residents of our proudest cities were gripped by fear as addicts turned to crime to support their habits, and thousands of families suffered devastating personal tragedies. I am pleased to be able to report that since then, Federal spending on drug treatment and enforcement have increased tenfold, and progress has been made. We have indeed turned the rner on hard drugs: --Better drug law enforcement, at home and abroad, has caused an acute heroin shortage throughout much of the untry. --Enough treatment capacity has now been created so that virtually all addicts who want medical help and unselling can get it. --Our drug abuse indicators all suggest that we have at last succeeded in reducing both the total number of heroin addicts and the number of new addicts. Nevertheless, the drug battle is far from over. For the sake of the next generation, I am determined to keep the pressure on-to ensure that the heartening progress made to date is translated into a lasting victory over heroin and other drugs. As enforcement efforts meet with success in one area of the world, pressure increases on other trafficking routes. To meet these new threats, we will step up our support of joint drug enforcement programs. I have also directed that plans for increased vigilance at our own borders be put into effect. In the treatment area, we are intensifying our efforts to enurage hard-re addicts to undergo treatment. To provide added incentive for those not motivated to seek help on their own, I have directed Federal agencies to expand their support for local programs which direct addicts charged with crimes into treatment pending trial and sentencing. Continued progress will also require help from the Congress: --I will shortly remmend severe new penalties for both heroin traffickers and those engaged in illegal distribution of other illicit drugs. This legislation will supplement my proposals currently pending before the Congress. --The Psychotropic Convention, a key international treaty regulating manufactured drugs worldwide, has--after / years--still to be ratified. Affirmative action in this session is of the utmost importance. I will ntinue to pursue a balanced approach to the drug problem in the next year by emphasizing both vigorous law enforcement, and treatment and rehabilitation programs to help speed the return of ex-addicts to productive lives in society. ENHANCING THE ENVIRONMENT Both our Nation and the world have made imposing strides during recent years in ping with the problems of our natural environment. Building upon well-justified ncerns, we have created institutions, developed policies and strategies, and deepened public understanding of the problems that face us. Now we are entering the send phase of environmental action. It may prove to be a more difficult period. In this send phase, we will be looking at our environmental problems in new ways which are more mplex and far-reaching than those to which we have been accustomed. We must be ncerned not only with clean air, clean water and wise land use but also with the interaction of these environmental efforts with our need to expand our energy supplies and to maintain general prosperity. In facing up to these tough, new problems, we can draw strength from the progress we have already made and from the knowledge that there can be no turning back from our general mmitment to preserve and enhance the environment in which we live. Our rerd over these past five years includes the vigorous enforcement of air quality legislation and of strengthened water quality and pesticide ntrol legislation, the enactment of new authorities to ntrol noise and ocean dumping, regulations to prevent oil and other spills in our ports and waterways, and legislation establishing major new parks, recreation and wilderness areas. We have also tried to reorganize the Federal structure in ways that are more responsive to environmental needs. The National Environmental Policy Act, passed in , has provided a basis for reform in our Federal agencies and has given citizens a greater opportunity to ntribute to environmental decisions. In , I established the Environmental Protection Agency and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to provide more ordinated and vigorous environmental management. Also in that year, I appointed the first Council on Environmental Quality. PRODUCING RESULTS The results of our vigorous anti-pollution efforts are now being seen and felt. In our major cities, levels of dangerous sulfur oxides and particulates have declined, and pollutants from automobiles have been reduced. Water pollution is being nquered, assisted by a massive Federal mmitment of over billion in municipal treatment plants during this Administration. Major misuses of pesticides are now under ntrol, and major sources of noise are being regulated for the first time. During these five years, Federal agencies have acquired over , additional acres for preservation for future generations, many of them near our heavily populated urban centers such as New York and San Francis. In addition, the Legacy of Parks program, which I initiated in , has made massive strides in bringing parks to the people. To date, separate parcels vering almost , acres of under-utilized Federal lands in all States have been turned over to State and local governments for park and recreational use. Many of them are near ngested urban areas. We will ntinue to expedite transfer of additional surplus properties to State and local governments for park and recreation use. IMPROVING THE WORLD ENVIRONMENT On our small planet, pollution knows no boundaries. World ncern for the environment is as necessary as it is enuraging. Many significant international actions have been taken in recent years, and the United States can be proud of its leadership. These actions have included the signing of international nventions to protect endangered Species of wildlife, to regulate ocean dumping, to extend the national park ncept to the world, and to ntrol marine pollution. A United Nations Environment Program was established last year. With it, the UN Environment Program Fund came into being, fulfilling a proposal I had made in . Under the US-USSR Environment Agreement, which I signed in Mosw in May, , Soviet and American scientists and environmentalists have been actively working together on serious environmental problems. THE CHALLENGE AHEAD As part of this Administration's ntinuing effort to nserve outdoor recreation areas, my new, budget will propose full funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund for . Nearly two-thirds will aid State and local governments in acquiring their own recreation lands and facilities. Coupled with the change I have proposed in the formula for allocating funds to the States, this measure would enurage the development of more recreational sites closer to the places where people live and work. This year we have the unique opportunity and responsibility to determine the future use of enormous land areas in America's last great frontier--Alaska. Last month, in acrdance with the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, I transmitted to the Congress remmendations that would add . million acres in Alaska to the National Park, National Forest, Wildlife Refuge and Wild and Scenic Rivers Systems. If the Alaska frontier is thoughtlessly developed, it will be gone forever. But we now have the opportunity to make nsidered judgments as to the appropriate uses of these outstanding Alaskan lands for the American people of all future generations. This session of the Congress has before it major natural resources and environment proposals that I have previously submitted, and on which I again remmend action. These include: --Department of Energy and Natural Resources: While I discuss this new department elsewhere in this message, I want to reemphasize that I nsider it of cardinal importance in ensuring that mplex, interrelated environmental and natural resource issues receive an appropriately wide policy overview and administrative ordination. ---National Land Use Policy: Adoption of the National Land Use Policy Act, first proposed in , remains a high priority of my Administration. This legislation would reaffirm that the basic responsibility for land use decisions rests with States and localities--and would provide funds to enurage them to meet their responsibility. I am pleased that the Senate has passed legislation inrporating some of the policies that I proposed. I urge the Congress to pass legislation which would assist States and localities, but which does not inject the Federal Government into their specific land use decisions. --Coastal Wetlands: These environmentally vital wetlands are increasingly threatened by development. My proposed Environmental Protection Tax Act would amend Federal tax laws to disurage the unwise use of these areas, and to enhance our opportunities for sound land use planning within the astal zone. --Wilderness: Traditionally, we have looked westward for our wilderness areas. Last year, however, I proposed that Eastern areas be designated as wilderness" and that others be studied for possible wilderness designation. --Historic Preservation: Because we have an irreplaceable historic and architectural heritage, I have proposed an Environmental Protection Tax Act to disurage the demolition of historic structures and to enurage their rehabilitation. --Big Thicket National Biological Reserve: The Big Thicket area of east Texas is a biological crossroads unique in the United States. I am gratified that the House has acted and I urge the Senate promptly to nsider my proposal to preserve key segments of the Thicket in a Big Thicket National Biological Reserve. --Big Cypress National Fresh Water Reserve: Protection of the Big Cypress Swamp in Florida is essential to the preservation of the water supply in the Everglades National Park. I have remmended legislation which would authorize the acquisition of over , acres, enabling us to protect this vital water supply. --Public Land Management: The Secretary of the Interior needs additional authority to protect the environmental values of our public domain lands. I again urge that he be given that authority. --Controlling Pollution: Three of my legislative proposals aimed at ntrolling pollution have not yet received final Congressional action: --Toxic Substances: New chemicals with unknown environmental effects me into use each year. Authority to test these substances and to restrict their use in the event of danger, while still permitting the orderly marketing of needed chemicals in a timely fashion, is highly desirable. --Hazardous Wastes: Disposal of wastes on land is increasing due to advances in industry and technology and because of our stringent ntrols on air and water pollution. These wastes can be hazardous to human health and other forms of life. My proposal provides for national standards for treatment and disposal of hazardous waste with primary regulatory responsibility resting with State governments. --Safe Drinking Water: The water we use in our homes should not endanger our health. Under my proposal on safe drinking water, Federal standards would provide health protection by requiring strict limitation of any ntaminants in drinking water, but primary enforcement responsibilities would be left to the States. Alternative legislation is now being seriously nsidered by the Congress which would require unnecessary Federal standards on operating treatment plants, generate a domineering Federal enforcement role, and create several new categorical subsidy programs. COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT Although American mmunities share many of the challenges of our age, the relative intensity and the particular nature of these challenges vary sharply from one mmunity to another. The current way of providing most Federal aid to our mmunities--with each dollar tied to a string pulled and manipulated by a Federal planner--is wrong. Much of the money that pays the Federal planners uld better be spent in the local mmunity; the decisions made by the planners uld better be made by the people who live on the scene. In these past few years, we have sought to change the old system. We have regnized that the Federal policy that will work best is one that helps the people of a particular mmunity define their own needs and meet those needs in the way which they nsider best. While in this Administration we have tried to be generous, we have also tried to grant mmunities greater freedom to set their own priorities. Since , we have: --Spent twice as much money on mmunity development programs as the Federal Government had spent for this purpose in the entire previous history of the Nation. --Reduced the red tape and arbitrary restrictions on local action that were so much a part of these programs in the past. --Moved authority for administering mmunity development programs from Washington to the field, where administrators are more accessible to local officials, and where they can beme more familiar with local problems. --Stepped up Federal support for State and local planning and management, again spending more for this purpose than had been spent in all previous years mbined. As a result, not only have cities received more Federal dollars, but they have been able to acmplish more with each dollar than before. Despite this progress, we need a much more sweeping reform than has been possible under existing laws. Therefore, I once again urge passage of The Better Communities Act, a . billion bill which would give local officials new flexibility and provide greater effectiveness in the expenditure of Federal mmunity development funds. This legislation would nsolidate seven categorical grant programs into a single program. Funds would be distributed on the basis of need, and then local mmunities uld decide for themselves what projects should me first. Thus we uld eliminate a mountainous volume of red tape and allow local government to play a larger role in determining their own destinies. Two Congresses have now addressed mmunity development legislation. Both of them have agreed, for the most part, with the basic principles and approaches that the Better Communities Act represents. But we have still had no action. Cities and towns that have unted on having this legislation in effect in the next fiscal year now face an uncertain future. I urge the Congress to move ahead as quickly as possible with the Better Communities Act--and I pledge every effort to work out our remaining differences so that our cities and towns can benefit from this program as soon as possible. I also urged the rd Congress to pass the Responsive Government Act that I submitted last year. This measure would enable State and local officials to improve their planning, decision-making and managerial capabilities through broadbased, flexible grants. RURAL DEVELOPMENT Over billion has been invested in rural development through Agriculture Department programs alone during the five years of this Administration. Annual Federal funding for these rural development programs has been tripled during that time. These funds have been spent for: --Rural housing, where more than . billion has been provided through , housing loans. --Electrification and telephone systems, where over billion has been spent to bring service to , new rural nsumers. --Water and waste disposal, where some , loans and grants totaling . billion have been provided to rural mmunities for water and waste disposal systems. --Loans to farmers, who received more than , loans totaling over . billion. In addition to these efforts under Department of Agriculture programs, almost other Federal programs have had a significant impact on rural areas. As a result, rural residents receive as much Federal support per capita as residents of urban areas. During the past year we have markedly increased our activity on behalf of the Nation's rural residents: --During , the Rural Development Act was funded for the first time to provide over million in loans and grants to States under procedures which give them a new flexibility in promoting rural industrialization and in improving the quality of rural life. --An interim rural housing policy was developed, placing greater emphasis on more effectively utilizing existing housing and making Farmers Home Administration programs more responsive to those with the greatest housing needs. --To ensure ntinuing Government attention to rural development needs, this Administration has also created both a special Cabinet-level Rural Development Committee and the new post of Assistant Secretary of Agriculture for Rural Development. As we look to the future patterns of national growth, we must never forget that the prosperity, the vitality and the character of rural America are essential rnerstones of our Nation's balanced growth. It is essential that rural America receive its proper share of our attention--and I am determined that this shall be the case. HELPING DISASTER VICTIMS Seldom is swift and effective Government action needed so urgently as when a natural disaster strikes. Since taking office, I have had to declare over major disasters in States and in territories. In recent years, the amount of Federal assistance given to disaster victims has been greatly expanded, and we have also pressed an intensive effort to provide this aid more equitably and expeditiously. Since more than percent of all property damage resulting from natural disasters is caused by floods, I was especially pleased by the Congress approval last year of our proposed Flood Disaster Protection Act, which significantly expands and improves the national flood insurance program. More remains to be done, however, if we are to meet our basic humanitarian responsibility to those who fall helpless and innocent victims to nature on the rampage. Therefore, I have also proposed a Disaster Preparedness and Assistance Act, which places new emphasis on the essential element of preparedness, while also increasing the role of State and local officials in allocating Federal disaster funds and cutting the tangle of red tape. It also provides for the automatic use of Federal resources when major disasters strike, and it includes generous grant features for those individual disaster victims unable to repay Government loans, as well as for mmunities faced with the task of restoring damaged public facilities. That natural disasters will ntinue to strike is certain; the only uncertainty is how well prepared we will be. As a generous and mpassionate Nation, we should be prepared to give the victims of these disasters the prompt and effective help they so desperately need. BETTER HOUSING FOR ALL As I have stated many times, this Administration will not waver from the Federal mmitment first outlined in the Housing Act of : a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family." The state of America's housing will ntinue to depend on the state of America's enomy more than on any other factor. The forces of the marketplace are the forces that unt the most-families with sufficient real inme and sufficient nfidence to create an effective demand for better housing on the one hand, and builders and credit institutions able to respond to that demand on the other. The Federal Government must play a major supporting role through its actions in the mortgage credit market and its help for low inme families who need assistance in obtaining adequate housing. Last September, as credit for housing was beming increasingly scarce, the Administration acted to make more credit available to home buyers. Recently, mortgage market nditions have begun to improve. However, to assure ntinuing improvement, I recently authorized a reduction in the maximum allowable interest rate for mortgages insured by the FHA, the Farmer's Home Administration and VA--a more than billion mortgage insurance program that will assist in financing the nstruction of up to , housing units. These actions should have a favorable impact on housing production. If the anticipated results are not fully achieved I will remmend further action to ensure a reasonable level of production. In the last five years a substantial effort has been made to address the untry's housing problems: --Largely because of a general upswing in the enomy, housing production has occurred at rerd levels. --FHA mortgage insurance has enabled nearly / million families to purchase homes. --Over two million units of subsidized housing for low and moderate inme families have been approved, more than during the previous years of federally subsidized housing programs. --Over . billion has been mmitted to improving and modernizing existing public housing. --Subsidies to local housing authorities have grown from million in to million in . Even as good housing has beme a reality for most Americans, it is clear that important problems still exist. Two are especially significant. First, our credit institutions often enunter problems in providing adequate housing credit. Send, too many low inme families are unable to obtain adequate housing--even as good housing sits vacant in their mmunity. We must help them to meet their needs. In order to increase the availability of housing for all families, I urge passage during this session of two key measures I have already proposed: --The Financial Institutions Act to enable savings and loan associations to mpete more effectively for funds during periods of tight money, as well as to enurage increased investment in housing through a tax credit on inme earned from residential mortgages. --The Administration's proposed Housing Act which would ease the present tight mortgage credit situation and make home ownership easier in the long term by: --Authorizing increases in the permissible mortgage amounts eligible for FHA insurance. Permitting home buyers to pay market interest rates on FHA and VA insured mortgages, and reducing the st of buying a home by doing away with the present system of charging points on mortgage loans. --Authorizing on an experimental basis more flexible repayment plans on FHA insured mortgages. --Authorizing more flexible interest rates, longer repayment terms and higher amounts for mobile homes and home improvement loans. This legislation would extend authority for extensive experiments with a new approach--direct cash assistance--for addressing the housing problem of low inme American families. Despite the mmitment of over billion, evidence has clearly shown that the subsidized housing programs for low inme families have not worked well. Instead of programs to treat symptoms, I will ntinue to press for a longer term solution-which goes to the root of the problem-lack of sufficient inme--and which permits the private housing market to work in as efficient a way as possible. Additionally, this legislation would improve the operation of our existing public housing projects, by helping them move to a more effective, efficient and self-sufficient basis of operation. IMPROVING TRANSPORTATION The energy crisis has made urgent what once seemed only necessary: the building of a transportation system that permits all Americans to travel efficiently and at reasonable st. While some elements of our transportation system--such as the Federal highway network--have been dramatically improved or expanded in the past decade, others--notably the railroads--have fallen into serious difficulties. It is also apparent that our public transit system must be greatly improved within our urban centers. The measures already taken and others which I shall propose this session are particularly important in helping to deal with the energy crisis by enuraging a more sensible utilization of our transportation resources. During the past four years, several key measures have helped lay the basis for a greatly improved transportation system. Under the Urban Mass Transportation Act of , we increased annual Federal aid to urban public transportation to I billion by -- times the level of --and in another billion was made available for the years immediately ahead. For the first time since World War II the downward trend in transit ridership has been reversed, and is now moving upwards. And for the first time, under the provisions of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of , States and localities can now use a portion of their Federal highway funds for public transit purposes. There has also been improvement of rail passenger service under AMTRAK, a public rporation created by the Rail Passenger Service Act of . After years of steady decline in rail passenger service, the past year saw a percent increase in the number of passengers carried on AMTRAK. Just this past year, we also went to work to avoid a major rail crisis through passage of the Regional Rail Reorganization Act of , which provides for the restructuring of the bankrupt railroads of the Northeast and Midwest region into a streamlined system. By , we hope that the affected railroads will be able to operate profitably and can survive as producers, not nsumers, of tax revenues. Significant new initiatives have also been taken in airport and airway development, making vitally needed improvements in the merchant marine, and in promoting transportation safety, especially on our Nation's highways. Clearly, however, there is still much to be done. It is my hope that will be the year when we make major advances by enacting two critical transportation bills. One of these proposals, which I will send to the Congress in the near future, would give our mmunities not only more money but also more freedom to balance their own transportation needs--and it will mark the largest Federal mmitment ever to the improvement of public transportation. This bill would increase Federal assistance for metropolitan areas by nearly percent over the level of fiscal year . More than two-thirds of those funds would be allocated by formula to State and local governments and those governments uld better determine their own transportation priorities, choosing between nstruction of highways or public transit systems, or the purchase of buses or rail cars. Additional transit aid would also be made available to rural mmunities for the first time. Under this bill resources would also be available for the first time to augment the operating funds for public transportation systems in both urban and rural areas. By permitting Federal resources to be used for operating purposes, this proposal should make it unnecessary to establish a new categorical grant program for transit operating subsidies, as is now ntemplated in bills before the Congress. As a send major transportation initiative this year, I shall propose that we modernize the regulatory system governing railroad operations. This legislation would make it easier for railroads to nsolidate service on a sustainable basis. It would make changes in the system of rate regulation to allow rail carriers to mpete more effectively with one another and with alternative modes of freight transportation. Discriminatory State and local taxation of interstate carriers would be barred. It would also provide billion in Federal loan guarantee authority to finance improvements in rights-of-way, terminal and rail plant facilities, and rolling stock, where necessary, which would be a major step in our effort to improve the Nation's railroad system. Additional transportation measures I shall soon propose will include: --Improvements in highway safety through the earmarking of approximately million of the Federal highway program for the elimination of death traps from the highways--by, for example, improving high-hazard intersections and replacing dangerous bridges. New bonus grants to the States will also be initiated to enurage the adoption of improved safety legislation and to reward States for outstanding safety acmplishments. --A restructuring of the airport and airway financing system to allocate sts more equitably among the users of our airways and to provide more flexibility in the use of funds. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA Last Christmas Eve, when I signed the new home rule bill into law, the Nation's Capital reached a significant milestone. If the voters of the District accept the proposal in the forthming referendum, the city will soon have its first elected mayor and city uncil in years. In addition to giving the citizens of our Nation's Capital the right to elect their own officials and a greater role in decisions affecting local affairs, the act also transfers to the District functions now carried out in Federal agencies which should rightfully be under local ntrol. In order to acmplish this transfer of responsibilities to the local government, much work will have to be done. This Administration will make every effort to assist in that transfer and to ensure that it is both timely and effective. While our attention to the affairs of the District of Columbia has been captured by the transition to home rule, we must not ignore another important task before us. As the city moves into a new era of self-government, it must also prepare for the Nation's celebration of the Bicentennial. A Federal Bicentennial Task Force has been working to ensure that the Federal Government meets its financial and program mmitments in the Nation's Capital. Under the leadership of the Bicentennial Coordination Center, which I established over two years ago, a number of projects are moving forward. The National Visitors' Center, Constitution Gardens, the Eisenhower Civic Center, the Fort Circle Parks, the National Air and Space Museum and other projects will ntribute enormously to the celebration which takes place here in . In addition, the Pennsylvania Avenue Development Corporation will soon present its plan to restore and improve this central, historically important thoroughfare. During the ming year, I also urge the Congress to take action on pending legislation to create a District of Columbia Development Bank, which would do much to broaden the enomic base of the District. THE BICENTENNIAL As we near the celebration of America's Bicentennial, which officially begins in March of , the tempo of preparations has picked up. A sound organizational framework has now been established, with the approval by the Congress last year of a new American Revolution Bicentennial Administration. Each of the States, the District of Columbia and the four territories has also established its own Bicentennial Commission to plan and ordinate local Bicentennial projects. Some unties, cities, towns, villages and tribal units have been regnized as Bicentennial Communities, and some applications for this designation are currently being reviewed. On the Federal level, I have created the Domestic Council Committee on the Bicentennial. This Cabinet-level Committee has approved the goals for Federal participation in the Bicentennial, established an Interagency Bicentennial Task Force, and approved over Bicentennial projects of the Departments and agencies. The Department of the Interior will mplete the development of historically significant National Park sites; the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities will support cultural activities relating to the Bicentennial; and many of our other national institutions, such as the Smithsonian Institution, will present special exhibitions across the Nation. Other nations are actively responding to the Invitation to the World" that I issued on July , to participate with us in this celebration which is not ours alone, but one which draws on the heritage of every nation from which people have me to our shores. In celebrating America's Bicentennial, we shall, of urse, mmemorate our national achievements. We shall honor our celebrated leaders even as we remember those whose ntributions were less well known. We shall take stock of our shortmings and resolve to overme them. What we will celebrate most of all in will be the vitality of the American people. We have tried to ensure that Federal Bicentennial activities reflect the diversity which is ours alone, and which is appearing in mmunity Bicentennial planning across the untry. CULTURE AND COMMUNICATIONS When I took office in , I was determined to give support to the goal of substantially strengthening the arts and humanities in the United States. The result has been the rapid growth of the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities-which had existed before but at a very low level of activity. In the current year, the National Endowment for the Arts will spend . million on a large scale of programs intended to enrich America's cultural present and future. A broad range of individuals as well as institutions, both public and private, are being assisted. And special support is being given to projects which will add to the celebration of our Bicentennial. The Congress has in the past given strong bipartisan support to the Arts Endowment. That same support will be needed in the future. Increased Federal funds, eliciting greater financial support from the private sector and State and local governments, will ensure the flourishing of American arts in the years ahead. The National Endowment for the Humanities has likewise made outstanding ntributions to the stimulation of our intellectual and cultural life. One measure of the growing importance of its activities is the fact that the Humanities Endowment has a program today which is ten times as large as it was five years ago. The Humanities Endowment will also play a major role in promoting the Bicentennial and will emphasize activities which reach large numbers of people, such as film and television productions and traveling exhibitions. In America, television is by far the best means of mmunicating with the widest audience. To assure the American audience a greater range of television programming of a type not financially feasible for mmercial television, we have dramatically increased our support for public television in the last five years. Public Broadcasting matured during the past year. Both the television and radio licensees reorganized themselves in a way which enuraged a more rational relationship between them and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and increased the ability of each local station to provide programs uniquely tailored to their local mmunities. Another aspect of electronic media that has recently beme a public policy issue is cable television, a development that uld lead to a vast expansion of the Nation's mmunications capabilities. In June of , I established a Cabinet Committee to develop proposals for a mprehensive national policy on cable mmunications. I have recently received and am now reviewing the report which is the product of that mmittee. I have also asked the Director of Telemmunications Policy to prepare legislation to move toward the adoption and implementation of a national cable television policy and I expect to submit such legislation to the Congress in the near future. I enurage the Congress to review carefully the issues presented by cable television and I especially enurage a widespread national debate on this subject which uld play such a major role in all of our lives during the future. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY One of the great strengths of this Nation has been its preeminence in science and technology. In times of national peril we have turned to the men and women in the laboratories in universities, Government, and private industry to apply their knowledge to new challenges. Once again, in the current energy crisis, we are calling upon them to respond. I have outlined, in my recent energy message to the Congress, the first step in a five-year, billion research and development effort in energy: . billion for direct energy R&D for the ming fiscal year and an additional million for supporting research--a total increase of percent over this year. A look at the broad spe of this energy effort tells a great deal about our nfidence in the capabilities of the Nation's scientists and engineers. We are calling on them to accelerate the development of nuclear power systems, to determine how we can use our abundant supplies of al in ways that are environmentally acceptable and to improve technology for harnessing natural energy sources such as the sun and the heat of the earth. At the same time, we are asking them to explore new ways of nserving the energy that we already use for everyday nveniences such as our automobiles. This Administration regnizes that the need for progress in every major area of American life requires technological input. We are therefore mmitted to giving all our major programs a broad scientific underpinning. The new budget will call for an increase of over percent in civilian research and development expenditures. In addition to a major increase for energy, research and development funds will be spread across a large number of programs for enhancing the prosperity, well-being, and health of Americans. Science will ntinue to be vital to our efforts to fight drug abuse, to prevent infant mortality, to mbat venereal disease, and to aid in treating mental illness. We will call upon the services of our scientists and engineers to design better forms of transportation, and to make safer the transportation we already have. We will examine ways of making our vast agricultural establishment yield more food at lower prices, and try to lessen agriculturally-related pollution. We will attempt to develop methods of mining that will not only yield greater mineral wealth but also give the miner greater safety and the landscape greater protection. We will study ways to protect our wildlife from natural and man-made attack, and we will attempt to learn how to protect ourselves from the violence of nature in the form of floods, landslides, earthquakes, tornadoes, and other natural calamities. This Administration regnizes the vital role which the social sciences must play in America's growth. Money will be made available for studying the social effects of various Government inme distribution and redistribution plans, such as social security, welfare benefits, health insurance, and varied and experimental educational forms. In every great area of national endeavor, the Administration will see that adequate funds for making scientific progress are spent. That also means we will ntinue our important efforts in space. The exploration of space is today making a key ntribution to man's understanding of his universe and to our abilities to manage our resources on earth wisely. As our Skylab astronauts have proven, space is now an acceptable working environment for man. While we explore our planetary system, the stars, and the galaxies, we are also using space technology to monitor the earth's environment. The Earth Resources Technology Satellite is allowing us to search for scarce resources from high above the earth. Already, many of our interntinental mmunications are by satellite. This year new mmercial satellites will also be used for domestic telephone, telegraph, and television services. Satellite weather forecasting is now mmonplace as a result of our space efforts. Space exploration in the future should beme more enomical as we develop the Space Shuttle, a reusable vehicle for space transportation. A operative international aspect of the space program will me with the European developed Space-lab as an integral part of the Shuttle program. In addition, we are now moving full speed ahead with our plans for a joint space venture with the Soviets in . THE NEW FEDERALISM Just as the rapidly changing and increasing demands placed upon Government have made it necessary to reorganize the Federal structure, they have made it even more imperative to make State and local government stronger and more effective. During the last four decades, almost every major attempt by the Government to meet a major social need has resulted in a new national program administered in Washington by a new bureaucracy. Forty years ago there were more than , Federal employees; today there are more than . million. In the last decade, this problem has grown acute. In there were some Federal grant-in-aid programs with outlays of billion, but by there were nearly , and the total outlays had risen to billion. And in the next fiscal year we expect outlays for grant-in-aid programs to reach billion, even after our substantial efforts to cut their number. This growth in size, power and mplexity has made the Federal Government increasingly inaccessible to the individual citizen it seeks to help. "Many of our new national social programs have actually impeded the development of effective local government. By creating a Federal categorical grant system of staggering mplexity and diversity we have fostered at the State and local level:   --Overlapping and wasteful programs;   --Distorted budgets and priorities;   --Additional administrative expense;   --Delay and uncertainty; and   --A diminution in the authority and responsibilities of State and local elected officials, as Federal grants have beme the special province of mpeting bureaucracies." "In one of the basic new directions of my Administration, I proposed in that we create a new and fundamentally different relationship between State and local government, on the one hand, and the Federal Government on the other. This new relationship has me to be known as the New Federalism. As I said in , its purposes are:   --To restore to the States proper rights and roles in the Federal system with a new emphasis on local responsiveness;   --To provide both the enuragement and necessary resources for local and State officials to exercise leadership in solving their own problems;   --To narrow the distance between people and the Government agencies dealing with their problems;   --To restore strength and vigor to State and local governments where elected officials know best the needs and priorities of their own nstituents; and   --To shift the balance of political power away from Washington and back to the untry and the people." "With the help of both the Congress and the Administration, this new relationship among local, State and Federal governments has begun to take shape:   --In , the Congress enacted our General Revenue Sharing program, and already more than billion of new money has been put to work in over , units of State and local government." --Funding through the Law Enforcement Assistance program has demonstrated the flexibility of the New Federalism in leaving to State and local authorities the decisions on how best to mbat crime in their jurisdictions. This program has helped to make America's streets safer for our citizens. --The Comprehensive Employment and Training Act which I signed into law in is a landmark example of the New Federalism's broad and more flexible forms of assistance--and it represents a leading example of what can be achieved when the Executive and the Congress team up to enact solid legislation. --New authorities under the Rural Development Act are being exercised this year in a way which is supportive of State and local development plans and priorities. --In addition, within the limits of law, we have moved administratively to strengthen the role of State and local governments by simplifying and streamlining Federal grant systems--including procedures for State and local review of project proposals affecting their jurisdictions, opportunities for grant integration and joint funding, and the decentralization of many Federal activities to ten Federal Regional Councils. In the remaining three years of this term I shall ntinue to take every sound administrative action within the authorities available to me to support and strengthen State and local government, but we must have the support of the Congress to maintain the progress which has begun. Proposals for furthering the New Federalism now before this body and for which I urge your support include: --Federal education reforms to nsolidate support for elementary and sendary schools as well as vocational and adult programs, and to promote better planning on the local level through advance funding. --The Better Communities Act, to replace several ineffective and restrictive urban programs with a flexible approach that would allow local officials to make essential decisions on the way mmunity development funds would be spent. --The Responsive Governments Act, to provide needed Federal assistance for improving State and local planning, decision-making and management capabilities. This would help to strengthen the capacity of State and local governments to assume greater responsibility for the administration of their own programs, whether federally assisted or not. --The Disaster Preparedness Act, to increase the role of State and local officials in allocating Federal disaster funds and to cut the tangle of Federal red tape. In addition to these proposals now pending, a number of the new initiatives that I describe elsewhere in this message also reflect the principles of New Federalism. These include: --A new public transportation initiative that would permit States and localities-both urban and rural--to allocate highway and mass transit funds in acrdance with local nditions and priorities. --An enomic adjustment assistance program, that would help States and mmunities to create employment opportunities where they have been affected by structural changes in their enomies which has brought about persistent unemployment or depressed inmes. --In the field of health, a mprehensive health insurance plan which would bring protection against medical expenses within the reach of all our citizens. MAKING GOVERNMENT WORK BETTER On taking office five years ago, one of the first needs I sought to address was the organization of the executive branch of Government--for the plain fact is that the only way Government gets anything done is through its organizational structure, and how well it can perform depends in large measure on how well it is organized. Because the needs of the Nation ntinue to change, and because the activities of Government must respond to those changes, the patterns of Government organization that might have been fine in the s or even in the s, may be hopelessly out of date in the s. Therefore, early in my first term I established an expert mmission to survey the organization of the executive branch and to remmend improvements to meet present-day needs. The reports of this mmission ntributed significantly to the reorganizations that I ordered and that I remmended, including the proposal I put forward three years ago for a sweeping reorganization of the executive branch, nsolidating seven of the present Cabinet departments into four new units. Although this basic restructuring has not been enacted by the Congress, other progress of a substantial nature has been made in modernizing the Government. For example, we have established: --The United States Postal Service, taking the post office out of politics; --The Office of Management and Budget, providing a strong management arm to assist in ordinating the functions of the executive branch; "--A restructured National Security Council;   --The Domestic Council to ordinate domestic policy formulation;" --The Council on Environmental Quality, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, all to provide leadership in meeting our vital environmental needs; --The Special Action Office for Drug Abuse Prevention and the Drug Enforcement Administration; --The Council on Enomic Policy, to facilitate the formation and execution of overall enomic policy; --The Council on International Enomic Policy, to focus on an area increasingly important both to our foreign relations and to our domestic enomy; --ACTION, to provide stronger ordination and incentives for volunteer activities; --The Cost of Living Council, to help stabilize prices; and, --The Federal Disaster Assistance Administration, to help individuals and mmunities struck by natural disasters. Each of these reorganization steps was designed to meet a specific need more effectively, or to respond to newly urgent needs. Several were acmplished under the reorganization plan authority which has been available to every President in the last years, but which expired last March. This authority--which is utilized only with the ncurrence of the Congress-ntinues to be necessary in order to keep abreast of changing needs, and I urge that it be reinstituted. Of special ncern today is the reorganization of the Government to meet the energy crisis. I have by Executive Order already established the Federal Energy Office to serve as a focal point for energy actions taken by the Government. But that office lacks a statutory base and does not have sufficient authority to do the full job. That is why I have asked the Congress to establish the Federal Energy Administration and I once again urge it to act on this matter. Regnizing that this untry should no longer remain dependent upon foreign energy sources, I have also urged the creation of an Energy Research and Development Administration to develop the necessary technology to tap new domestic sources of energy and a separate Nuclear Energy Commission to carry on the regulatory activities presently assigned to the Atomic Energy Commission. While these organizational initiatives are needed now, the best organization to knit together the future energy and natural resource programs of the Federal Government would be a mprehensive Department of Energy and Natural Resources. This ncept is nsistent with the major Federal departmental reform I submitted to the Congress in . Today, I again urge swift, favorable action by the Congress on this proposal so that we will have the broad organizational base that will ultimately be needed to meet many of our energy needs in the most effective manner and to balance energy and natural resource nsiderations in the future. That same nsolidation and reorganization of the executive branch that I proposed in would also have created new departments for mmunity development, human resources and enomic affairs. The basic problems of fractionated, sometimes overlapping and often nflicting organizations that prompted these original proposals remain acute today. I therefore urge the Congress to join with me in a serious effort to achieve an effective reorganization in these areas. In view of the close relationship between food assistance programs and other inme security programs, I will also propose new legislation to transfer the food stamp and related programs from the Department of Agriculture to the Department of Health, Education and Welfare. Another important organizational proposal still awaiting Congressional action is the creation of an independent Legal Service Corporation. My Administration will work closely with the Congress in the weeks ahead to obtain final passage of our proposal which would provide the poor with quality legal representation, would create an organization free from political pressures, and would include safeguards to ensure its responsible operation. Legal services legislation has already passed the House. I am hopeful that reasonable legal services legislation will now be passed by the Senate. A major new opportunity for better Federal management has been initiated at my direction by the Office of Management and Budget. Frequently termed management by objective," it involves the identification of specific, high-priority objectives for each year for each of the departments and agencies. During the year, progress in reaching these objectives can be closely measured and reported to agency heads and to me. In the years ahead I expect this technique will help make the Government both more responsive and more acuntable. Nothing is more important to improving the efficiency of our Government than the recruiting of top flight personnel for Federal jobs--including positions in the career civil service. We will be working in the months ahead to ensure that executive mpensation, career development and training all attract and hold the best possible personnel in the public service. The mpensation we provide our top officials is integral to these efforts to recruit and retain the best men and women for Government service. Salaries of Federal judges, Members of the Congress, and heads and assistant heads of executive agencies have not been adjusted for years, during which time mparable pay rates in the private sector increased percent and pay for other Federal employees has increased significantly. The report of the Commission on Executive, Legislative and Judicial Salaries notes that this lag in mpensation also produces serious salary mpression among the top ranks of career employees. I am therefore remmending a three-stage increase in executive, legislative and judicial salaries in the budget, at the rate of / percent annually for each of the next three years. This will make salaries within the top levels of the Federal Government more mpetitive with industry. And it will help us to make Government work better. CAMPAIGN REFORM For several years it has been clear that reforms were needed in the way we elect public officials. The intense public focus placed on the campaign abuses of has now generated sufficient support for this issue that we now have an opportunity to make a genuine breakthrough. In a national radio address on May of last year, I announced my proposal for a non-partisan mmission on campaign reform. This mmission would have reexamined the entire Federal election process to me up with a mprehensive set of legislative remmendations. The Commission would have filed a public report no later than December , . Eight months have now passed since that proposal was submitted to the Congress and the Commission is not even close to being created. If it had been created expeditiously, we would now have its report remmending meaningful reforms for Federal campaigns and as I had originally hoped, those reforms might be in place prior to the elections. In light of the delay, I have now decided to submit a mprehensive set of Administration proposals on campaign reform for nsideration by the Congress during this session. While I do not believe mine will be the only workable proposals, I do hope they will lead to meaningful debate and reform in this critical area. To that end, I look forward to working with the Congress in a long-overdue effort to clean up the Federal election process. AMERICA AND THE WORLD When this Administration took office, it was apparent that the world had changed in fundamental ways, and that America's foreign policy had to change in equally fundamental ways. We needed to end our military involvement in the Vietnam war in a manner nsistent with our responsibilities and mmitments as a major world power. We needed to adjust to the changes in the strategic situation between the Soviet Union and the United States which presented a unique opportunity to build a solid foundation for peace but which also threatened our own security if that foundation uld not be built. We needed to end a quarter century of hostile isolation which had kept one-fourth of the world's population outside the framework of international operation. The world uld not afford another generation of hostility between the United States and the People's Republic of China. We needed to adjust our partnerships with Western Europe and Japan, regnizing their increasing political and enomic strength and self-reliance, and emphasizing our important mmon goals. We needed to alter the world monetary system to reflect the new realities of the international enomic system and America's place in it. During the past five years we have made striking progress in meeting each of these needs. "CONTINUING RESPONSIBILITY IN   VIETNAM" The United States is at peace for the first time in more than a decade. But peace must be something more than the absence of the active engagement of American forces in nflict. We must guard against the tendency to express relief at our military extrication from Southeast Asia by washing our hands" of the whole affair. Men and women are still dying there. We still have a responsibility there. We must provide those ravaged lands with the enomic assistance needed to stabilize the structures of their societies and make future peace more likely. We must provide, as well, the ntinued military aid grants required to maintain strong, self-reliant defense forces. And we will ntinue to insist on full mpliance with the terms of the agreements reached in Paris, including a full acunting of all of our men missing in Southeast Asia. BUILDING NEW RELATIONSHIPS As we work through detente to reduce nflict in areas of the world where both we and the Soviet Union have important interests, we must also ntinue to work to reduce the potential causes of nflict between us. We must persevere in our negotiations with the Soviet Union to place further limits on strategic arms mpetition and in our talks with the Warsaw Pact nations to reduce forces in Europe in a way that will increase security and stability for all. We will pursue our relations with the Soviet Union in the climate of detente established two years ago in Mosw and reaffirmed by General Secretary Brezhnev's visit to Washington last year. During the fateful weeks of the Middle East war last October, the strength of our detente was severely tested. Since then, American diplomatic leadership and initiative have played a central role in the search for a final settlement in the long troubled Middle East. This began with the cease-fire of October , worked out with the Soviet Union's assistance, and was later strengthened by the Six-Point Agreement in November to nsolidate the cease-fire, then by the Geneva Peace Conference--under the -sponsorship of the United States and the Soviet Union-and most recently by the agreement on the disengagement of Egyptian and Israeli military forces, which is being implemented in operation with the United Nations Emergency Force. These steps are but the beginning of broadened efforts to find a lasting settlement of the area's problems. The process of building a normal relationship with the People's Republic of China ntinues. Liaison offices have been established in our respective capitals and there ntinues to be fruitful ntact between our governments at very high levels. "STRENGTHENING OUR FREE WORLD   PARTNERSHIPS" As our relationships with old adversaries are changing, so are our relationships with old friends. Western Europe and Japan have put behind them the postwar struggle to rebuild their enomies, re-order their societies and re-establish their political force. Their success in these endeavors is something we helped to foster and in which we can take pride. But now times have changed and our past role in their success cannot be the sole basis for a ntinuing relationship. We must instead adjust our relationships to regnize their new enomic capacities and their international political objectives. We must acmmodate all of these within the framework of the friendship and goodwill of our allies and our whole past history of operation in the pursuit of our mmon goals. This is a rnerstone of the structure of peace we are seeking to build. With our closest neighbors, here in the Western Hemisphere, we shall ntinue to seek additional ways of working operatively to solve the problems which face the Americas. Secretary of State Kissinger will be meeting in a few weeks with the foreign ministers of Latin America to begin a new and nstructive dialogue in the family of American states. INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND COMMERCE As we turn from an era of nfrontation to one of operation, trade and mmerce beme more important. We have moved from a position of virtual enomic hegemony in the world to a new role in a more interdependent world enomy. We must create an equitable and efficient system of integrating our own enomy with that of the rest of the world. Much has already been acmplished on this front. The markets of the USSR and China are now accessible, thereby providing jobs for American workers. Our major trading partners in Western Europe and Japan share our interest in further reducing international trade barriers and increasing world trade. The rigid and outmoded international monetary system which over-valued the dollar and impeded our foreign trade has been decisively altered. After two years of trade deficits, America achieved a trade surplus in . But we must persevere in our international monetary, investment and trade negotiations. The greatest tasks still lie ahead and the stakes are high. Avoiding the enomic and political disruptions associated with international monetary turmoil and restrictive trade and investment practices increases in importance as international interdependence grows. As I noted earlier in this message, prompt passage of the pending Trade Reform Act is essential to achieving the goal of a less restrictive and more equitable international enomic system. In addition, we must move forward with the current negotiations to reform the international payments system under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund, reforms which will markedly increase the opportunities for nations to trade and invest profitably. We must also strengthen our resolve as the world's most prosperous nation to help less fortunate untries. In the world of today, no nation will be fully secure or prosperous until all nations are. As in the past, we will take pride in our efforts to work with developing nations which aspire to greater enomic and social well-being. The United States has called for the World Food Conference which will be held in November under the auspices of the United Nations. We will also actively observe as World Population Year, as proclaimed by the United Nations. MAINTAINING A STRONG DEFENSE FORGE But as we work for peace, we must be nscious that the opportunity to build a structure of peace came because our arms have served as a deterrent to war. We must maintain that deterrent. In the last five years, outlays for the Department of Defense have been reduced by about /--measured in nstant dollars--and military personnel have been cut from . million to . million. This year, I will remmend a substantial increase in the budget for the Department of Defense. These increases are necessary to improve the readiness of our armed forces, to build up levels of essential equipment and supplies and to preserve Present force levels in the face of rising sts. CONCLUSION Throughout these five years, I have had one overriding aim: to establish a structure of peace in the world that can free future generations from the surge of war. Others may have different priorities; this has been and will remain my first priority, the chief legacy that I hope to leave from the eight years of my Presidency. As we strengthen the peace, we must also ntinue each year a steady strengthening of our society here at home. Our nscience requires it. Our interests require it. We must insist on it. As we create more jobs, as we build a better health care system, and improve education; as we develop new sources of energy, as we provide more abundantly for the elderly and the poor, as we strengthen the system of private enterprise that produces our prosperity--as we do all this and more, we solidify those essential bonds that hold us together as a Nation. Even more importantly, we advance what in the final analysis government in America is all about; more freedom, more security, a better life, for each one of the million individual persons who are America. We cannot afford to neglect progress at home while pursuing peace abroad. But neither can we afford to neglect peace abroad while pursuing progress at home. With a stable peace, all is possible; without peace, nothing is possible. Earlier in this message, I mment that one of the ntinuing challenges facing us in the legislative process is that of the timing and pacing of our initiatives selecting each year among many worthy projects those that are ripe for action at that time " What is true in terms of our domestic initiatives is true also in the world. This period we now are in--these few years-presents a juncture of historic forces unique in this century, which provide an opportunity we may never have again to create a structure of peace solid enough to last a lifetime and more--not just peace in our time but peace in our children's time as well. It is on the way we respond to this opportunity, more than anything else, that history will judge whether we in America have met our responsibility. I have full nfidence that we will meet that responsibility. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   January , ." To the Congress of the United States: This sixth message to the Congress on the State of the Union ncerns our Federal system of criminal justice. It discusses both the progress we have made in improving that system and the additional steps we must take to nsolidate our acmplishments and to further our efforts to achieve a safe, just, and law-abiding society. In the period from to serious crime in the United States increased by percent acrding to the FBI's Uniform Crime Index. The rate of increase accelerated each year until it reached a peak of percent in . In one major public opinion poll showed that Americans nsidered lawlessness to be the top domestic problem facing the Nation. Another poll showed that four out of five Americans believed that Law and order has broken down in this untry." There was a very real fear that crime and violence were beming a threat to the stability of our society. The decade of the s was characterized in many quarters by a growing sense of permissiveness in America--as well intentioned as it was poorly reasoned-in which many people were reluctant to take the steps necessary to ntrol crime. It is no incidence that within a few years' time, America experienced a crime wave that threatened to beme unntrollable. This Administration came to office in with the nviction that the integrity of our free institutions demanded stronger and firmer crime ntrol. I promised that the wave of crime would not be the wave of the future. An all-out attack was mounted against crime in the United States. --The manpower of Federal enforcement and prosecution agencies was increased. --New legislation was proposed and passed by the Congress to put teeth into Federal enforcement efforts against organized crime, drug trafficking, and crime in the District of Columbia. --Federal financial aid to State and local criminal justice systems--a forerunner of revenue sharing--was greatly expanded through Administration budgeting and Congressional appropriations, reaching a total of . billion in the three fiscal years from through . These steps marked a clear departure from the philosophy which had me to dominate Federal crime fighting efforts, and which had brought America to rerd-breaking levels of lawlessness. Slowly, we began to bring America back. The effort has been long, slow, and difficult. In spite of the difficulties, we have made dramatic progress. In the last four years the Department of Justice has obtained nvictions against more than organized crime figures, including a number of bosses and under-bosses in major cities across the untry. The pressure on the underworld is building nstantly. Today, the capital of the United States no longer bears the stigma of also being the Nation's crime capital. As a result of decisive reforms in the criminal justice system the serious crime rate has been cut in half in Washington, D.C. From a peak rate of more than serious crimes per day reached during one month in , the figure has been cut by more than half to per day for the latest month of rerd in . Felony prosecutions have increased from to , and the time between arrest and trial for felonies has fallen from ten months to less than two. Because of the mbined efforts of Federal, State, and local agencies, the wave of serious crime in the United States is being brought under ntrol. Latest figures from the FBI's Uniform Crime Index show that serious crime is increasing at the rate of only one percent a year--the lowest rerded rate since . A majority of cities with over , population have an actual reduction in crime. These statistics and these indices suggest that our anti-crime program is on the right track. They suggest that we are taking the right measures. They prove that the only way to attack crime in America is the way crime attacks our people--without pity. Our program is based on this philosophy, and it is working. Now we. intend to maintain the momentum we have developed by taking additional steps to further improve law enforcement and to further protect the people of the United States. LAW ENFORCEMENT SPECIAL REVENUE SHARING Most crime in America does not fall under Federal jurisdiction. Those who serve in the front lines of the battle against crime are the State and local law enforcement authorities. State and local police are supported in turn by many other elements of the criminal justice system, including prosecuting and defending attorneys, judges, and probation and rrections officers. All these elements need assistance and some need dramatic reform, especially the prison systems. While the Federal Government does not have full jurisdiction in the field of criminal law enforcement, it does have a broad, nstitutional responsibility to insure domestic tranquility. I intend to meet that responsibility. At my direction, the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration LEAA) has greatly expanded its efforts to aid in the improvement of State and local criminal justice systems. In the last three years of the previous Administration, Federal grants to State and local law enforcement authorities amounted to only See million. In the first three years of my Administration, this same assistance totaled more than . billion--more than times as much. I nsider this money to be an investment in justice and safety on our streets, an investment which has been yielding enuraging dividends. But the job has not been mpleted. We must now act further to improve the Federal role in the granting of aid for criminal justice. Such improvement can me with the adoption of Special Revenue Sharing for law enforcement. I believe the transition to Special Revenue Sharing for law enforcement will be a relatively easy one. Since its inception, the LEAA has given block grants which allow State and local authorities somewhat greater discretion than does the old-fashioned categorical grant system. But States and localities still lack both the flexibility and the clear authority they need in spending Federal monies to meet their law enforcement challenges. Under my proposed legislation, block grants, technical assistance grants, manpower development grants, and aid for rrectional institutions would be mbined into one million Special Revenue Sharing fund which would be distributed to States and local governments on a formula basis. This money uld be used for improving any area of State and local criminal justice systems. I have repeatedly expressed my nviction that decisions affecting those at State and local levels should be made to the fullest possible extent at State and local levels. This is the guiding principle behind revenue sharing. Experience has demonstrated the validity of this approach and I urge that it now be fully applied to the field of law enforcement and criminal justice. THE CRIMINAL CODE REFORM ACT The Federal criminal laws of the United States date back to and are based on statutes then pertinent to effective law enforcement. With the passage of new criminal laws, with the unfolding of new urt decisions interpreting those laws, and with the development and growth of our Nation, many of the ncepts still reflected in our criminal laws have beme inadequate, clumsy, or outmoded. In , the Congress established the National Commission on Reform of the Federal Criminal Laws to analyze and evaluate the criminal Code. The Commission's final report of January , , has been studied and further refined by the Department of Justice, working with the Congress. In some areas this Administration has substantial disagreements with the Commission's remmendations. But we agree fully with the almost universal regnition that modification of the Code is not merely desirable but absolutely imperative. Acrdingly, I will soon submit to the Congress the Criminal Code Reform Act aimed at a mprehensive revision of existing Federal criminal laws. This act will provide a rational, integrated de of Federal criminal law that is workable and responsive to the demands of a modem Nation. The act is divided into three parts: ----general provisions and principles, ----definitions of Federal offenses, and ----provisions for sentencing. Part of the Code establishes general provisions and principles regarding such matters as Federal criminal jurisdiction, culpability, mplicity, and legal defenses, and ntains a number of significant innovations. Foremost among these is a more effective test for establishing Federal criminal jurisdiction. Those circumstances giving rise to Federal jurisdiction are clearly delineated in the proposed new Code and the extent of jurisdiction is clearly defined. I am emphatically opposed to encroachment by Federal authorities on State sovereignty, by unnecessarily increasing the areas over which the Federal Government asserts jurisdiction. To the ntrary, jurisdiction has been relinquished in those areas where the States have demonstrated no genuine need for assistance in protecting their citizens. In those instances where jurisdiction is expanded, care has been taken to limit that expansion to areas of mpelling Federal interest which are not adequately dealt with under present law. An example of such an instance would be the present law which states that it is a Federal crime to travel in interstate mmerce to bribe a witness in a State urt proceeding, but it is not a crime to travel in interstate mmerce to threaten or intimidate the same witness, though intimidation might even take the form of murdering the witness. The Federal interest is the same in each case--to assist the State in safeguarding the integrity of its judicial processes. In such a case, an extension of Federal jurisdiction is clearly warranted and is provided for under my proposal. The rationalization of jurisdictional bases permits greater clarity of drafting, uniformity of interpretation, and the nsolidation of numerous statutes presently applying to basically the same nduct. For example, title of the criminal Code as presently drawn, lists some theft offenses--each written in a different fashion to ver the taking of various kinds of property in different jurisdictional situations. In the proposed new Code, these have been reduced to general sections. Almost forgery, unterfeiting, and related offenses have been replaced by only sections. Over statutes involving perjury and false statements have been reduced to sections. Approximately arson and property destruction offenses have been nsolidated into offenses. Similar changes have been made in the Code's treatment of culpability. Instead of undefined terms or mbinations of terms presently found in title , the Code uses four clearly defined terms. Another major innovation reflected in Part One is a dification of general defenses available to a defendant. This change permits clarification of areas in which the law is presently nfused and, for the first time, provides uniform Federal standards for defense. The most significant feature of this chapter is a dification of the insanity" defense. At present the test is determined by the urts and varies across the untry. The standard has beme so vague in some instances that it has led to unnscionable abuse by defendants. My proposed new formulation would provide an insanity defense only if the defendant did not know what he was doing. Under this formulation, which has nsiderable support in psychiatric and legal circles, the only question nsidered germane in a murder case, for example, would be whether the defendant knew that he was pulling the trigger of a gun. Questions such as the existence of a mental disease or defect and whether the defendant requires treatment or deserves imprisonment would be reserved for nsideration at the time of sentencing. Part Two of the Code nsolidates the definitions of all Federal felonies, as well as certain related Federal offenses of a less serious character. Offenses and, in appropriate instances, specific defenses, are defined in simple, ncise terms, and those existing provisions found to be obsolete or unusable have been eliminated--for example, operating a pirate ship on behalf of a foreign prince," or detaining a United States carrier pigeon. Loopholes in existing law have been closed--for example, statutes ncerning the theft of union funds, and new offenses have been created where necessary, as in the case of leaders of organized crime. We have not indulged in changes merely for the sake of changes. Where existing law has proved satisfactory and where existing statutory language has received favorable interpretation by the urts, the law and the operative language have been retained. In other areas, such as pornography, there has been a thorough revision to reassert the Federal interest in protecting our citizens. The reforms set forth in Parts One and Two of the Code would be of little practical nsequence without a more realistic approach to those problems which arise in the post-nviction phase of dealing with Federal offenses. For example, the penalty structure prescribed in the present criminal Code is riddled with innsistencies and inadequacies. Title alone provides different terms of imprisonment and different fines, often with no discernible relationship between the possible term of imprisonment and the possible levying of a fine. Part Three of the new Code classifies offenses into categories for purposes of assessing and levying imprisonment and fines. It brings the present structure into line with current judgments as to the seriousness of various offenses and with the best opinions of penologists as to] the efficacy of specific penalties. In some instances, more stringent sanctions are provided. For example, sentences for arson are increased from to years. In other cases penalties are reduced. For example, impersonating a foreign official carries a three year sentence, as opposed to the year term originally prescribed. To reduce the possibility of unwarranted disparities in sentencing, the Code establishes criteria for the imposition of sentence. At the same time, it provides for parole supervision after all prison sentences, so that even hardened criminals who serve their full prison terms will receive supervision following their release. There are certain crimes reflecting such a degree of hostility to society that a decent regard for the mmon welfare requires that a defendant nvicted of those crimes be removed from free society. For this reason my proposed new Code provides mandatory minimum prison terms for trafficking in hard nartics; it provides mandatory minimum prison terms for persons using dangerous weapons in the execution of a crime; and it provides mandatory minimum prison sentences for those nvicted as leaders of organized crime. The magnitude of the proposed revision of the Federal criminal Code will require careful detailed nsideration by the Congress. I have no doubt this will be time-nsuming. There are, however, two provisions in the Code which I feel require immediate enactment. I have thus directed that provisions relating to the death penalty and to heroin trafficking also be transmitted as separate bills in order that the Congress may act more rapidly on these two measures. DEATH PENALTY The sharp reduction in the application of the death penalty was a mponent of the more permissive attitude toward crime in the last decade. I do not ntend that the death penalty is a panacea that will cure crime. Crime is the product of a variety of different circumstances--sometimes social, sometimes psychological--but it is mmitted by human beings and at the point of mmission it is the product of that individual's motivation. If the incentive not to mmit crime is stronger than the incentive to mmit it, then logic suggests that crime will be reduced. It is in part the entirely justified feeling of the prospective criminal that he will not suffer for his deed which, in the present circumstances, helps allow those deeds to take place. Federal crimes are rarely crimes of passion." Airplane hi-jacking is not done in a blind rage; it has to be carefully planned. The use of incendiary devices and bombs is not a crime of passion, nor is kidnapping; all these must be thought out in advance. At present those who plan these crimes do not have to include in their deliberations the possibility that they will be put to death for their deeds. I believe that in making their plans, they should have to nsider the fact that if a death results from their crime, they too may die. Under those nditions, I am nfident that the death penalty can be a valuable deterrent. By making the death penalty available, we will provide Federal enforcement authorities with additional leverage to dissuade those individuals who may mmit a Federal crime from taking the lives of others in the urse of mmitting that crime. Hard experience has taught us that with due regard for the rights of all--including the right to life itself we must return to a greater ncern with protecting those who might otherwise be the innocent victims of violent crime than with protecting those who have mmitted those crimes. The society which fails to regnize this as a reasonable ordering of its priorities must inevitably find itself, in time, at the mercy of criminals. America was heading in that direction in the last decade, and I believe that we must not risk returning to it again. Acrdingly, I am proposing the re-institution of the death penalty for war-related treason, sabotage, and espionage, and for all specifically enumerated crimes under Federal jurisdiction from which death results. The Department of Justice has examined the nstitutionality of the death penalty in the light of the Supreme Court's recent decision in Furman v. Georgia. It is the Department's opinion that Furman holds unnstitutional the imposition of the death penalty only insofar as it is applied arbitrarily and capriciously. I believe the best way to acmmodate the reservations of the Court is to authorize the automatic imposition of the death penalty where it is warranted. Under the proposal drafted by the Department of Justice, a hearing would be required after the trial for the purpose of determining the existence or nonexistence of certain rational standards which delineate aggravating factors or mitigating factors. Among those mitigating factors which would preclude the imposition of a death sentence are the youth of the defendant, his or her mental capacity, or the fact that the crime was mmitted under duress. Aggravating factors include the creation of a grave risk of danger to the national security, or to the life of another person, or the killing of another person during the mmission of one of a circumscribed list of serious offenses, such as treason, kidnapping, or aircraft piracy. The hearing would be held before the judge who presided at the trial and before either the same jury, or, if circumstances require, a jury specially impaneled. Imposition of the death penalty by the judge would be mandatory if the jury returns a special verdict finding the existence of one or more aggravating factors and the absence of any mitigating factor. The death sentence is prohibited if the jury finds the existence of one or more mitigating factors. Current statutes ntaining the death penalty would be amended to eliminate the requirement for jury remmendation, thus limiting the imposition of the death penalty to cases in which the legislative guidelines for its imposition clearly require it, and eliminating arbitrary and capricious application of the death penalty which the Supreme Court has ndemned in the Furman case. DRUG ABUSE No single law enforcement problem has occupied more time, effort and money in the past four years than that of drug abuse and drug addiction. We have regarded drugs as public enemy number one," destroying the most precious resource we have--our young people--and breeding lawlessness, violence and death. When this Administration assumed Office in , only million was budgeted by the Federal Government for law enforcement, prevention, and rehabilitation in the field of drug abuse. Today that figure has been increased to million for --nearly times as much. Nartics production has been disrupted, more traffickers and distributors have been put out of business, and addicts and abusers have been treated and started on the road to rehabilitation. Since last June, the supply of heroin on the East Coast has been substantially reduced. The scarcity of heroin in our big Eastern cities has driven up the price of an average fix" from . to ., enuraging more addicts to seek medical treatment. At the same time the heroin ntent of that fix has dropped from . to . percent. Meanwhile, through my Cabinet Committee on International Nartics Control, action plans are underway to help foreign untries develop and carry out their own national ntrol programs. These efforts, linked with those of the Bureau of Customs and the Bureau of Nartics and Dangerous Drugs, have produced heartening results. Our worldwide nartics seizures almost tripled in over . Seizures by our anti-nartics allies abroad are at an all-time high. In January, , the French seized a half-ton of heroin on a shrimp boat headed for this untry. Argentine, Brazilian and Venezuelan agents seized pounds of heroin in three raids in , and with twenty arrests crippled the existing French-Latin American nnection. The ringleader was extradited to the U.S. by Paraguay and has just begun to serve a -year sentence in Federal prison. Thailand's Special Nartics Organization recently seized a total of almost eleven tons of opium along the Burmese border, as well as a half-ton of morphine and heroin. Recently Iran sred the largest opium seizure on rerd--over tons taken from smugglers along the Afghanistan border. Turkey, as a result of a urageous decision by the government under Prime Minister Erim in , has prohibited all cultivation of opium within her borders. These results are all the more gratifying in light of the fact that heroin is wholly a foreign import to the United States. We do not grow opium here; we do not produce heroin here; yet we have the largest addict population in the world. Clearly we will end our problem faster with ntinued foreign assistance. Our domestic acmplishments are keeping pace with international efforts and are producing equally enuraging results. Domestic drug seizures, including seizures of marijuana and hashish, almost doubled in over . Arrests have risen by more than one-third and nvictions have doubled. In January of , a new agency, the Office of Drug Abuse Law Enforcement DALE was created within the Department of Justice. Task forces mposed of investigators, attorneys, and special prosecuting attorneys have been assigned to more than forty cities with heroin problems. DALE now arrests pushers at the rate of a month and has obtained nvictions. At my direction, the Internal Revenue Service IRS) established a special unit to make intensive tax investigations of suspected domestic traffickers. To date, IRS has llected million in currency and property, assessed tax penalties of more than million, and obtained nvictions. This effort can be particularly effective in reaching the high level traffickers and financiers who never actually touch the heroin, but who profit from the misery of those who do. The problem of drug abuse in America is not a law enforcement problem alone. Under my Administration, the Federal Government has pursued a balanced, mprehensive approach to ending this problem. Increased law enforcement efforts have been upled with expanded treatment programs. The Special Action Office for Drug Abuse Prevention was created to aid in preventing drug abuse before it begins and in rehabilitating those who have fallen victim to it. In each year of my Administration, more Federal dollars have been spent on treatment, rehabilitation, prevention, and research in the field of drug abuse than has been budgeted for law enforcement in the drug field. The Special Action Office for Drug Abuse Prevention is currently developing a special program of Treatment Alternatives to Street Crime TASC) to break the vicious cycle of addiction, crime, arrest, bail, and more crime. Under the TASC program, arrestees who are scientifically identified as heroin-dependent may be assigned by judges to treatment programs as a ndition for release on bail, or as a possible alternative to prosecution. Federally funded treatment programs have increased from sixteen in January, , to a current level of . In the last fiscal year, the Special Action Office created more facilities for treating drug addiction than the Federal Government had provided in all the previous fifty years. Today, federally funded treatment is available for , addicts a year. We also have sufficient funds available to expand our facilities to treat , addicts if required. Nationwide, in the last two years, the rate of new addiction to heroin registered its first decline since . This is a particularly important trend because it is estimated that one addict infects" six of his peers. The trend in nartic-related deaths is also clearly on its way down. My advisers report to me that virtually mplete statistics show such fatalities declined approximately percent in mpared to . In spite of these acmplishments, however, it is still estimated that one-third to one-half of all individuals arrested for street crimes ntinue to be nartics abusers and addicts. What this suggests is that in the area of enforcement we are still only holding our own, and we must increase the tools available to do the job. The work of the Special Action Office for Drug Abuse Prevention has aided in smoothing the large expansion of Federal effort in the area of drug treatment and prevention. Now we must move to improve Federal action in the area of law enforcement. Drug abuse treatment specialists have ntinuously emphasized in their discussions with me the need for strong, effective law enforcement to restrict the availability of drugs and to punish the pusher. One area where I am nvinced of the need for immediate action is that of jailing heroin pushers. Under the Bail Reform Act of , a Federal judge is precluded from nsidering the danger to the mmunity when setting bail for suspects arrested for selling heroin. The effect of this restriction is that many accused pushers are immediately released on bail and are thus given the opportunity to go out and create more misery, generate more violence, and mmit more crimes while they are waiting to be tried for these same activities. In a study of accused violators, the Bureau of Nartics and Dangerous Drugs found that percent were freed on bail for a period ranging from three months to more than one year between the time of arrest and the time of trial. Nearly percent of the total were free for a period ranging from one-half year to more than one year. As for the major cases, those involving pushers accused of trafficking in large quantities of heroin, it was found that one-fourth were free for over three months to one-half year; one-fourth were free for one-half year to one year; and percent remained free for over one year prior to their trial. In most cases these individuals had criminal rerds. One-fifth had been nvicted of a previous drug charge and a total of percent had a rerd of prior felony arrests. The st of obtaining such a pre-trial release in most cases was minimal; percent of the total sample were freed on personal regnizance and only percent were required to post bonds of , or more. Sentencing practices have also been found to be inadequate in many cases. In a study of nartics drug violators who were arrested by the Bureau of Nartics and Dangerous Drugs and nvicted in the urts, a total of percent received sentences other than imprisonment. Most of these individuals were placed on probation. This situation is intolerable. I am therefore calling upon the Congress to promptly enact a new Heroin Trafficking Act. The first part of my proposed legislation would increase the sentences for heroin and morphine offenses. For a first offense of trafficking in less than four ounces of a mixture or substance ntaining heroin or morphine, it provides a mandatory sentence of not less than five years nor more than fifteen years. For a first offense of trafficking in four or more ounces, it provides a mandatory, sentence of not less than ten years or for life. For those with a prior felony nartic nviction who are nvicted of trafficking in less than four ounces, my proposed legislation provides a mandatory prison term of ten years to life imprisonment. For send offenders who are nvicted of trafficking in more than four ounces, I am proposing a mandatory sentence of life imprisonment without parole. While four ounces of a heroin mixture may seem a very small amount to use as the criterion for major penalties, that amount is actually worth -, dollars and would supply about addicts for a day. Anyone selling four or more ounces cannot be nsidered a small time operator. For those who are nvicted of possessing large amounts of heroin but cannot be nvicted of trafficking, I am proposing a series of lesser penalties. To be sure that judges actually apply these tough sentences, my legislation would provide that the mandatory minimum sentences cannot be suspended, nor probation granted. The send portion of my proposed legislation would deny pre-trial release to those charged with trafficking in heroin or morphine unless the judicial officer finds that release will not pose a danger to the persons or property of others. It would also prohibit the release of anyone nvicted of one of the above felonies who is awaiting sentencing or the results of an appeal. These are very harsh measures, to be applied within very rigid guidelines and providing only a minimum of sentencing discretion to judges. But circumstances warrant such provisions. All the evidence shows that we are now doing a more effective job in the areas of enforcement and rehabilitation. In spite of this progress, however, we find an intolerably high level of street crime being mmitted by addicts. Part of the reason, I believe, lies in the urt system which takes over after drug pushers have been apprehended. The urts are frequently little more than an escape hatch for those who are responsible for the menace of drugs. Sometimes it seems that as fast as we bail water out of the boat through law enforcement and rehabilitation, it runs right back in through the holes in our judicial system. I intend to plug those holes. Until then, all the money we spend, all the enforcement we provide, and all the rehabilitation services we offer are not going to solve the drug problem in America. Finally, I want to emphasize my ntinued opposition to legalizing the possession, sale or use of marijuana. There is no question about whether marijuana is dangerous, the only question is how dangerous. While the matter is still in dispute, the only responsible governmental approach is to prevent marijuana from being legalized. I intend, as I have said before, to do just that. CONCLUSION This Nation has fought hard and sacrificed greatly to achieve a lasting peace in the world. Peace in the world, however, must be acmpanied by peace in our own land. Of what ultimate value is it to end the threat to our national safety in the world if our citizens face a nstant threat to their personal safety in our own streets? The American people are a law-abiding people. They have faith in the law. It is now time for Government to justify that faith by insuring that the law works, that our system of criminal justice works, and that domestic tranquility" is preserved. I believe we have gone a long way toward erasing the apprehensions of the last decade. But we must go further if we are to achieve that peace at home which will truly mplement peace abroad. In the ming months I will propose legislation aimed at curbing the manufacture and sale of cheap handguns mmonly known as Saturday night specials," I will propose reforms of the Federal criminal system to provide speedier and more rational criminal trial procedures, and I will ntinue to press for innovation and improvement in our rrectional systems. The Federal Government cannot do everything. Indeed, it is prohibited from doing everything. But it can do a great deal. The crime legislation I will submit to the Congress can give us the tools we need to do all that we can do. This is sound, responsible legislation. I am nfident that the approval of the American people for measures of the sort that I have suggested will be reflected in the actions of the Congress. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   March , ." To the Congress of the United States: Today, in this fifth report to the Congress on the State of the Union, I want to discuss the quality of life in our cities and towns and set forth new directions for mmunity development in America. Not long ago we became accustomed to the nstant rhetorical drumbeat of the crisis of our cities." Problems were multiplying so rapidly for our larger urban areas that some observers said our cities were doomed as centers of culture, of mmerce, and of nstructive change. Many of these problems still persist, but I believe we have made sufficient progress in recent years that fears of doom are no longer justified. What is needed today is calm reflection upon the nature of modern mmunity life in the United States, a reassessment of the manner in which we are trying to solve our remaining problems, and a firm resolve to get on with the task. America's mmunities are as diverse as our people themselves. They vary tremendously in size from massive cities to medium-sized urban and suburban areas, to small towns and rural mmunities. Just as importantly, each of our mmunities has built up strong individual characteristics over the years, shaped by region, climate, enomic influences, ethnic origins and local culture. Of urse, mmunities do share mmon needs and ncerns. People in every mmunity want adequate housing, transportation, and jobs, a clean environment, good health, education, recreation facilities, security from crime and fear, and other essential services. But local priorities differ; the intensity and order of local needs vary. Clearly, no single, rigid scheme, imposed by the Federal Government from Washington, is capable of meeting the changing and varied needs of this diverse and dynamic Nation. There is no best" way, no magic, universal cure-all, that can be dispensed from hundreds or thousands of miles away. What is good for New York City is not necessarily good for Chicago, or San Francis, much less for smaller mmunities with entirely different enomies, traditions and populations. Too often in the past we have fallen into the trap of letting Washington make the final decisions for St. Louis, Detroit, Miami and our other cities. Sometimes the decisions were right, and programs have succeeded. Too often they were wrong, and we are still paying the price. The time has me to regnize the errors of past Federal efforts to support mmunity development and to move swiftly to rrect them. The results of past errors form a disturbing catalogue: -They have distorted local priorities. -They have spawned a massive glut of red tape. --They have created an adversary climate between local mmunities and Washington which has often led to waste, delay and mutual frustration. --They have ntributed to a lack of nfidence among our people in the ability of both local and national governments to solve problems and get results. --They have led to the creation of too many mplex and often mpeting Federal programs. --Perhaps worst of all, they have undercut the will and the ability of local and State governments to take the initiative to mobilize their own energies and those of their citizens. The Federal policy that will work best in the last third of this century is not one that tries to force all of our mmunities into a single restrictive mold. The Federal policy that will work best is one that helps people and their leaders in each mmunity meet their own needs in the way they think best. It is this policy which binds together the many aspects of our mmunity development programs. THE BETTER COMMUNITIES ACT In the near future, I will submit to the Congress the Better Communities Act to provide revenue sharing for mmunity development. Beginning July , , this act would provide . billion a year to mmunities to be spent as they desire to meet their mmunity development needs. In the interim period before the legislation bemes effective, funds already available to the Department of Housing and Urban Development will be used to maintain and support mmunity development. The Better Communities Act is intended to replace inflexible and fragmented categorical grant-in-aid programs, and to reduce the excessive Federal ntrol that has been so frustrating to local governments. Rather than focusing and ncentrating resources in a ordinated assault on a set of problems, the categorical system scatters these resources, and diminishes their impact upon the most needy. Excessive Federal influence also limits the variety and diversity of development programs. Local officials should be able to focus their time, their resources and their talents on meeting local needs and producing results, instead of trying to please Washington with an endless torrent of paperwork. I first proposed such legislation in , and although the Congress failed to enact it, significant support was expressed in both the Senate and the House. Since that time, members of my Administration have been nsulting with Congressional leaders, mayors, Governors, other local officials and their representatives. Many nstructive suggestions have been received and will be inrporated in my new legislative proposal. As a result, I believe the Better Communities Act will represent our best hope for the future of mmunity development and will deserve rapid approval by the Congress. Among the most significant features of the Better Communities Act are these: ---Hold-Harmless Provision: The flow of money to cities and urban unties is to be based on a formula reflecting mmunity needs, as determined by objective standards. In the years immediately following enactment, funds would be used to assure that no city receives less money for mmunity development than it has received under the categorical grant programs. --Assistance for Smaller Communities: Funding is also to be provided for our smaller mmunities, regnizing the vital importance of small towns and rural mmunities to the future of the Nation. --The Role of State Government: State governments have always played an important part in meeting the mmunity development needs of their mmunities. The Act will regnize this role. --Local Decision Making: While each of the activities now supported by categorical grants may be ntinued, it would be up to local leaders to determine how that money will be spent. --Minimizing Red Tape: Recipients would be required to show the Federal Government only that they are mplying with Federal statutes in the way they are spending their revenue sharing money. --Elimination of Matching: Shared revenues would not have to be matched by local funds. --Protection for Minorities: Under no circumstances uld funds provided under the Better Communities Act be used for purposes that would violate the civil rights of any person. A DEPARTMENT OF COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT One of the most serious deficiencies in the effort of the Federal Government to assist in mmunity development has been the fragmentation and scattering of Federal programs among a variety of departments and agencies. All too often State or local officials seeking help for a particular project must shuttle back and forth from one Federal office to another, wasting precious time and resources in a bureaucratic wild goose chase. In order to ordinate our mmunity development activities more effectively, I proposed nearly two years ago that we create a Department of Community Development which would pull under one roof various programs now in the Departments of Housing and Urban Development, Transportation, Agriculture, and other agencies. After extensive hearings on this proposal, the Committee on Government Operations of the House of Representatives reached this nclusion: "The Department of Community Development will be a nstructive center in the Federal Government for assistance to mmunities, large and small. It will facilitate rational planning, orderly growth, and the effective employment of resources to build viable mmunities throughout the United States. It will help to strengthen the physical and institutional bases for operative action by Federal, State and local governments." This Administration fully agrees, of urse, and will ntinue to work with the Congress for the prompt creation of a Department of Community Development. In the interim, I recently appointed a Presidential Counsellor on Community Development who will ordinate mmunity development programs and policies in the executive branch. But only when the Congress approves the basic departmental reorganization proposed by the Administration can our efforts to eliminate waste, nfusion and duplication, and to promote mmunity betterment more efficiently, be fully effective. THE RESPONSIVE GOVERNMENTS ACT For nearly years, the Federal Government has provided assistance to State and local governments in order to strengthen their planning and management capabilities. This aid, provided under the Comprehensive Planning Assistance Program, has always been helpful, but the program itself has several major flaws. It has tended, for instance, to stress one aspect of public administration--planning--without adequately regnizing other essential features such as budgeting, management, personnel administration, and information-gathering. Planning has often been irrelevant to the problems and the actual decisions. State and local governments have also found it difficult to ordinate their planning because of the fragmented way in which funds have been sent from Washington. This Administration proposed new planning and management legislation to the nd Congress, but it was not approved. In the meantime, we took what steps we uld to improve the existing program. Some progress has been made, but rrective legislation is still needed. I shall therefore propose that the rd Congress enact a new Responsive Governments Act. I shall also propose that we provide million for this act in fiscal year --almost one-fifth of the entire amount that has been spent under the present law in the last two decades. This Responsive Governments Act would assist State and local governments in meeting several important goals: --Developing reliable information on their problems and opportunities; --Developing and analyzing alternative policies and programs; --Managing the programs; --And evaluating the results, so that appropriate adjustments can be made. The ability to plan and manage is vital to effective government. It will be even more important to State and local governments as they are freed from the restraints of narrow categorical Federal programs and must decide how to spend revenue sharing funds. Thus the Responsive Governments Act is a vitally necessary mpanion piece to the Better Communities Act. HOUSING This Administration is firmly mmitted to the goal first set forth for America in the Housing Act: a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family." While we believe that some of our housing programs have failed and should be replaced, we should never waiver in our mmitment. During the past four years, the Federal Government has provided housing assistance to an additional . million American families of low and moderate inme. This represents more housing assistance than the total provided by the Federal Government during the entire -year history of our national housing program preceding this Administration. In addition, a healthy, vigorous, private housing industry has provided million new unsubsidized units of housing for Americans in the last four years. Housing starts for each of the last three years have reached rerd high levels--levels, in fact, that are more than double the average for the preceding years. Most importantly, the percentage of Americans living in substandard housing has dropped dramatically from percent in to percent in to percent in to percent in . Americans today are better housed than ever before in our history. At the same time, however, there has been mounting evidence of basic defects in some of our housing programs. It is now clear that all too frequently the needy have not been the primary beneficiaries of these programs; that the programs have been riddled with inequities; and that the st for each unit of subsidized housing produced under these programs has been too high. In short, we shall be making far more progress than we have been and we should now move to place our housing policies on a much firmer foundation. That is why we suspended new activity under Federal subsidized housing programs effective January th of this year. I would emphasize, however, that mmitments that were made under these programs prior to their suspension will be honored. This will mean that approximately , units of new subsidized housing will be started in . In pursuing our goal of decent homes for all Americans, we know that better means are needed--that the old and wasteful programs, programs which have already obligated the taxpayer to payments of between billion and billion during the next years, are not the answer. One of my highest domestic priorities this year will be the development of new policies that will provide aid to genuinely needy families and eliminate waste. A major housing study is now underway within the Government, under the direction of my Counsellor for Community Development. Within the next six months, I intend to submit to the Congress my policy remmendations in this field, based upon the results of that study. TRANSPORTATION To thrive, a mmunity must provide for the efficient movement of its people and its products. Yet in recent years, the growing separation of the city from its suburbs and changing employment patterns have made transportation more of a mmunity problem than a mmunity asset. To improve mmunity development we must meet the challenge of transportation planning and provide more flexible means for mmunities to meet their transportation needs. Without better transportation, our mmunities will either stagnate or choke. Four years ago we initiated programs to renew and redirect our transportation systems. We took action to expand the capacity of our airways, to preserve and improve intercity rail passenger service, to ntinue the Nation's highway program with greater emphasis on safety, and to bring needed progress to our surface public transportation. The Federal mmitment has been substantial: --The enlarged Airport Development Aid Program established under the Airport-Airways Development Act of has quadrupled Federal assistance to airports to million per year. --Under the Rail Passenger Service Act of we have begun to rejuvenate rail service as part of a balanced transportation system. --From through we will have invested some billion in highways. In alone we mmitted . billion to the Interstate system, which is now percent mplete. In that same year, million was designated for primary and sendary roads. Equally important, we have emphasized safety on our highways, both in their design and use. --We have progressively increased the levels of Federal funding for transportation research, development, and demonstration projects. This support focuses on new transportation technology. It is designed to enurage private industry to join aggressively in the search for better transportation. --Concurrent with our programs to improve transportation between our cities, we have undertaken programs to develop free flowing rridors for people and mmerce within our cities. --Since , when I proposed and the Congress passed the Urban Mass Transportation Assistance Act, we have mmitted more than billion Federal dollars to preserve and upgrade public transportation. Nationally, urban public transportation has beme a billion-dollar-a-year Federal program. --Over the past four years, Federal dollars have helped American cities to help those who depend on public systems for transportation to jobs, hospitals, shops and recreational centers. Now we must deal even more aggressively with mmunity development challenges in transportation by building on the strong foundations we have laid. Nothing can do more to lift the face of our cities, and the spirit of our city dwellers, than truly adequate systems of modern transportation. With the best highway system in the world, and with percent of our people owning and operating automobiles, we have more transportation assets per capita than any other people on earth. Yet the mmuter who uses a two ton vehicle to transport only himself to and from work each day is not making the most efficient use of our transportation system and is himself ntributing to our transportation and environmental problems. Good public transportation is essential not only to assure adequate transportation for all citizens, but to forward the mmon goal of less ngested, cleaner and safer mmunities. As I pointed out a few weeks ago in my message on the environment and natural resources, effective mass transit systems that relieve urban ngestion will also reduce pollution and the waste of our limited energy resources. As we build such systems, we must be aware of the two special challenges in ordinating the needs of the inner city and the suburb and in alleviating potential disruptions which new transportation systems can bring to neighborhood life. To further these efforts I again ntinue to urge Congress to permit a portion of the Highway Trust Fund to be used in a more flexible fashion, thus allowing mass transit capital investments where mmunities so desire. I remmend that the Congress authorize the expenditure by State and local governments of . billion over the next three years from the Highway Trust Fund for urban transportation needs, including capital improvements for bus and rapid rail systems. I also remmend ntinuing the rural highway program at the billion a year level, and providing ample resources to advance the Interstate system as it approaches its funding mpletion date. This legislation can meet old needs while at the same time addressing new ones. Some mmunities now feel unduly obligated to spend Federal monies on ntroversial Interstate highway segments in urban areas. I urge the Congress to allow States and localities to transfer such funds to the nstruction of other Federal-aid highways and mass transit capital improvements. In this way, we can help resolve ntroversies which have slowed work on a number of Interstate links in urban areas. It is very important to regnize that this proposal does not represent an arbitrary Federal shift of funds from highways to transit. What it does stress is the right of local governments to choose the best solutions for their urban transportation problems. This year, in a mpanion measure to our Federal Highway Bill, I am also proposing that funding for mass transit capital grants be increased by billion, bringing the obligational authority for the mass transit program to . billion. This provision would maintain a forward looking mass transit program through at least - I am also asking the Congress to amend the Urban Mass Transportation Assistance Act, increasing the Federal share for urban mass transit capital grant assistance programs to percent and thereby achieving parity with Federal aid for urban and rural road building projects. RURAL DEVELOPMENT Community Development is sometimes thought of primarily in terms of urban areas. However, as this Administration has often pointed out--and will ntinue to emphasize--no element of our national well-being is more important than the health and vitality of our rural mmunities. Thus, in pursuing a policy of balanced development for our mmunity life, we must always keep the needs of rural America clearly in sight. Twice in the last two years, I have remmended legislation which would provide new revenues for rural development. Under my latest proposal, loans and guarantees would have been made for projects selected and prepared by the States. While the nd Congress did not enact either of these proposals, it did enact the Rural Development Act of , establishing additional lending authority for rural needs. Like the Administration's proposals, this lending authority provides for insured loans and guaranteed loans which allow maximum participation of the private sector. Several new programs are proposed to be funded under the Rural Development Act. One is a million loan program to assist mmunities with a population of less than , in developing mmercial and industrial facilities. A previously existing loan program has been increased by million--to a total of million-and, under the new law, can now be used to nstruct a wide variety of essential mmunity facilities. In addition, grants and other programs under the act will be funded at a level of million. This Administration will implement the Rural Development Act in a manner nsistent with the revenue sharing ncept, allowing major project selections and priority decisions to be made by the State and local governments whenever possible. It is our intent, after fully evaluating the effectiveness of this approach, to seek whatever additional legislation may be needed. DISASTER ASSISTANCE To a mmunity suffering the ravages of a natural disaster, nothing is more important than prompt and effective relief assistance. As our population grows and spreads, each storm, earthquake, drought or freeze affects larger numbers of people. During the past four years, we have tried to reduce personal injury, deaths, and property damage by emphasizing adequate preventive measures. During the same period, however, I have had to declare i I I major disasters in States and three Territories. This past year alone set a tragic rerd for major disaster activity, as I had to declare major disasters-- caused by storms and floodings. There were a number of especially devastating disaster emergencies in this period: the flooding in Buffalo Creek, West Virginia; flash flood in Rapid City, South Dakota; and, of urse, Tropical Storm Agnes which rampaged through the eastern United States. Agues alone caused deaths and some billion in property damage. Until now, disaster relief efforts have involved a number of different agencies and have been ordinated by the Executive Office of the President. The experience of the past few years has demonstrated that: --We are not doing nearly enough to prepare in advance for disasters. --States, local governments and private individuals should assume a larger role in preparing for disasters, and in relieving the damage after they have occurred. --Responsibility for relief is presently too fragmented among too many authorities. --At the Federal level, disaster relief should be managed by a single agency. I intend to make a turning point in the quality of governmental response to natural disasters. To achieve this goal, I have already proposed Reorganization Plan Number i of , which is now before the Congress. It calls for the delegation of all responsibility for ordinating disaster relief to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, who is also my Counsellor for Community Development. This transfer of operations would take place at the beginning of the new fiscal year and would be carried out in such a way that the effective relations which now exist with State disaster officials would in no way be harmed, while a new sense of unity and mobility at the Federal level would be fostered. If the Congress enacts my proposal for a new Department of Community Development, that new department would be responsible for directing all Federal disaster activities, including those of several other agencies which perform disaster roles. In addition to the improvements I have proposed in Reorganization Plan Number , I will shortly submit a new Disaster Assistance Act to the Congress. This new act is designed to improve the delivery of Federal assistance, to provide a more equitable basis for financing individual property losses, and to forge a more balanced partnership for meeting disasters head-on--a partnership not only among governments at all levels but also between governments and private citizens. Under these proposals, each level of government would accept responsibility for those things it can do best. While the Federal Government would ntinue to assist with financing, State and local governments would have far more latitude and responsibility in the use of those funds. They would also be enuraged to assert stronger leadership in efforts to minimize the damage of future disasters. For homeowners, farmers and businessmen who have suffered disaster losses, the Federal Government would ntinue to provide direct assistance. I will also remmend to the Congress an expansion of the national flood insurance program to allow participation by more mmunities in flood-prone areas and to increase the limits of verage. CONCLUSION As reflected by the proposals set forth here, I believe that we must strike out on broad, new paths of mmunity development in America. During the last few years, we have taken genuine, measurable strides toward better mmunities. All of this is good; it is not good enough. It is clear that we can and should be acmplishing more in the field of mmunity development. There are too many programs that have been tried and found wanting. There are too many programs that strengthen the bureaucracy in Washington but sap the strength of our State and local governments. People today want to have a real say in the way their mmunities are run. They want to feel that, once again, they can play a significant role in shaping the kind of world their children will inherit. And they expect their institutions to respond to their needs and aspirations. That feeling will never flourish if the Federal Government, however vast its financial resources and however good its intentions, tries to direct the pattern of our lives. That feeling cannot be manufactured in Washington, it must me from within. But the Federal Government can and should eliminate some of the barriers that have impeded the development of that feeling by returning resources and initiatives to the people and their locally elected leaders. It is in that spirit that I urge the rd Congress to give favorable nsideration to my proposals for mmunity development. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   March , ." To the Congress of the United States: "Information of the State of the Union," which our Constitution directs shall be mmunicated from time to time to the Congress by the President, must nsist above all of information about the well-being of the American people. As the opening words of the Constitution proclaim, America began with We the People." The people are the Union, and its ndition depends wholly on theirs. While the Nation's land and resources, its mmunities, its enomy, and its political institutions are also vital ncerns to be addressed in my reports to the Congress this year, all of these in the final analysis are no more than means to a greater end. For each of them must ultimately be measured acrding to a single standard: what will serve the millions of individual Americans for whom all public officials serve as trustees. Too often in the past that standard has not prevailed. Too often public policy decisions have been founded not on the long-run interests of all the people, but on the short-run interests of special groups of people. Programs once set in motion tend to stay in motion--sometimes long after their useful life has ended. They acquire a nstituency of their own, even within the Government, and they cannot easily be reformed or stopped. Means me to be regarded as ends in themselves. And no one suffers more than the people they were designed to serve. Despite all of the factors which nspire to hinder both the executive and the legislative branches in being as objective and analytical as we should be about the soundness of activities that ntinue from year to year supposedly in the public interest, we can and must discipline ourselves to take a larger view. As we nsider the subject of human resources in this fourth section of my State of the Union Message, we must not nfine ourselves solely to a discussion of the year past and the year ahead. Nor can we be ntent to frame the choices we face in strictly governmental and programmatic terms--as though Federal money and programs were the only variables that mattered in meeting human needs. FULFILLING THE AMERICAN DREAM I am irrevocably mmitted, as Presidents before me have been and as I know each Member of the Congress is, to fulfilling the American dream for all Americans. But I also believe deeply that in seeking progress and reform we must neither underestimate our society's present greatness, nor mistake the sources of that greatness. To do so would be to run a serious risk of damaging, with unproven panaceas applied in excessive haste and zeal, the very institutions we seek to improve. Let us begin then, by regnizing that by almost any measure, life is better for Americans in than ever before in our history, and better than in any other society of the world in this or any earlier age. No previous generation of our people has ever enjoyed higher inmes, better health and nutrition, longer life-expectancy, or greater mobility and nvenience in their lives than we enjoy today. None before us has had a better chance for fulfillment and advancement in their work, more leisure time and recreational opportunities, more widespread access to culture and the arts, or a higher level of education and awareness of the world around them. None has had greater access to and ntrol over the natural and human forces that shape their lives, or better protection against suffering, inhumanity, injustice, and discrimination. And none has enjoyed greater freedom. Sendly, let us regnize that the American system which has brought us so far so fast is not simply a system of Government helping people. Rather it is a system under which Government helps people to help themselves and one another. The real miracles in raising millions out of poverty, for example, have been performed by the free-enterprise enomy, not by Government anti-poverty programs. The integration of one disadvantaged minority after another into the American mainstream has been acmplished by the inherent responsiveness of our political and social system, not by quotas and ercion. The dramatic gains in health and medical care have me primarily through private medicine, not from federally-operated systems. Even where the public sector has played a major role, as in education, the great strength of the system has derived from State and local governments' primacy and from the diverse mixture of private and public institutions in the educational process--both factors which have facilitated grass roots influence and popular participation. We should not tamper lightly, then, with the delicately balanced social, enomic, and political system which has been responsible for making this untry the best place on earth to live--and which has tremendous potential to rectify whatever shortmings may still persist. But we Americans--to our great credit--are a restless and impatient people, a nation of idealists. We dream not simply of alleviating poverty, hunger, discrimination, ignorance, disease, and fear, but of eradicating them altogether--and we would like to do it all today. During the middle and late 's, under the pressure of this impatient idealism, Federal intervention to help meet human needs increased sharply. Provision of services from Federal programs directly to individuals began to be regarded as the rule in human resources policy, rather than the rare exception if had been in the past. The Government in those years undertook sweeping, sometimes almost utopian, mmitments in one area of social ncern after another. The State and local governments and the private sector were elbowed aside with little regard for the dislocations that might result. Literally hundreds of new programs were established on the assumption that even the most mplex problems uld be quickly solved by throwing enough Federal dollars at them. Well-intentioned as this effort may have been, the results in case after case amounted to dismal failure. It was a classic case of elevating means to the status of ends in themselves. Hard evidence of actual betterment in people's lives was seldom demanded. Ever-larger amounts of funds, new agencies, and increased staff were treated as proof enough of success, simply because the motive was mpassionate. The American people deserve better than this. They deserve mpassion that works--not simply mpassion that means well. They deserve programs that say yes to human needs by saying no to paternalism, social exploitation and waste. Protecting and enhancing the greatness of our society is a great goal. It is doubly important, therefore, that we not permit the worthiness of our objective to render us uncritical or careless in the means we select for attaining that objective. It will increase our greatness as a society, for example, to establish the principle that no American family should be denied good health care because of inability to pay. But it will diminish our greatness if we deprive families of the freedom to make their own health care arrangements without bureaucratic meddling. It will increase our greatness to ensure that no boy or girl is denied a quality education. But it will diminish our greatness if we force hundreds of thousands of children to ride buses miles away from their neighborhood schools in order to achieve an arbitrary racial balance. It will increase our greatness to establish an inme security system under which no American family will have to suffer for lack of inme or break up because welfare regulations enurage it. But it would erode the very foundations of our stability and our prosperity if we ever made it more mfortable or more profitable to live on a welfare check than on a paycheck. PRINCIPLES FOR THE 's Consistently since , this Administration has worked to establish a new human resources policy, based on a healthy skepticism about Federal Government omniscience and omnimpetence, and on a strong reaffirmation of the right and the capacity of individuals to chart their own lives and solve their own problems through State and local government and private endeavor. We have achieved a wide variety of significant reforms. Now the progress made and the experience gained over the past four years, together with the results of careful program reviews which were nducted over this period, have prepared us to seek broader reforms in than any we have requested before. In the time since the outlines of these proposals emerged in the new budget, intense ntroversy and nsiderable misunderstanding about both their purposes and their effects have understandably arisen among persons of goodwill on all sides. To provide a more rational, less emotional basis for the national debate which will--and properly should--surround my remmendations, I would invite the Congress to nsider four basic principles which I believe should govern our human resources policy in the 's: --Government at all levels should seek to support and nurture, rather than limit, the diversity and freedom of choice which are hallmarks of the American system. The Federal Government in particular must work to guarantee an equal chance at the starting line by removing barriers which might impede an individual's opportunity to realize his or her full potential. --The Federal Government should ncentrate more on providing incentives and opening opportunities, and less on delivering direct services. Such programs of direct assistance to individuals as the Federal Government does nduct must provide evenhanded treatment for all, and must be carefully designed to ensure that the benefits are actually received by those who are intended to receive them. --Rather than stifling initiative by trying to direct everything from Washington, Federal efforts should enurage State and local governments to make those decisions and supply those services for which their closeness to the people best qualifies them. In addition, the Federal Government should seek means of enuraging the private sector to address social problems, thereby utilizing the market mechanism to marshal resources behind clearly stated national objectives. --Finally, all Federal policy must adhere to a strict standard of fiscal responsibility. Ballooning deficits which spent our enomy into a new inflationary spiral or a recessionary tailspin in the name of social welfare would punish most cruelly the very people whom they seek to help. On the other hand, ntinued additions to a personal tax burden which has already doubled since would reduce incentives for excellence and would nflict directly with the goal of allowing each individual to keep as much as possible of what he or she earns to permit maximum personal freedom of choice. The new post of Counsellor to the President for Human Resources, which I have recently created within the Executive Office of the President, will provide a much needed focal point for our efforts to see that these principles are carried out in all Federal activities aimed at meeting human needs, as well as in the Federal Government's mplex relationships with State and local governments in this field. The ordinating function to be performed by this Counsellor should materially increase the unity, herence, and effectiveness of our policies. The following sections present a review of the progress we have made over the past four years in bringing each of the various human resources activities into line with these principles, and they outline our agenda for the years ahead. HEALTH I am mmitted to removing financial barriers that would limit access to quality medical care for all American families. To that end, we have nearly doubled Federal outlays for health since the beginning of this Administration. Next year, they will exceed billion. Nearly percent of these funds will go to finance health care for older Americans, the disabled, and the poor, through Medicare and Medicaid. But we have taken significant steps to meet other priority needs as well. In the last four years, funding for cancer and heart and lung disease research has more than doubled; it will amount to more than three-quarters of a billion dollars in . We have supported reform of the health care delivery system and have proposed legislation to assist in the development of health maintenance organizations on a demonstration basis. We have increased funds for programs which help prevent illness, such as those which help carry out our pure food and drug laws and those which promote nsumer safety. We have declared total war on the epidemic problem of drug abuse--and we are winning that war. We have me a long way toward our goal of creating sufficient treatment services so that any addict desiring treatment can obtain it. We are also making substantial investments in research to develop innovative treatment approaches to drug abuse. I will report in greater detail on our anti-drug effort in a later section of this year's State of the Union message. Strong measures have been taken to ensure that health care sts do not ntribute to inflation and price people out of the care they need. The rate of increase in physicians' fees was cut by two-thirds last year alone, and hospital price rises have also been slowed. To build on these gains, ntrols on the health services industry have been retained and will be strengthened under Phase III of the Enomic Stabilization Program. A major goal of this Administration has been to develop an insurance system which can guarantee adequate financing of health care for every American family. The nd Congress failed to act upon my proposal to acmplish this goal, and now the need for legislation has grown still more pressing. I shall once again submit to the Congress legislation to help meet the Nation's health insurance needs. Federal health policy should seek to safeguard this untry's pluralistic health care system and to build on its strengths, minimizing reliance on Government-run arrangements. We must regnize appropriate limits to the Federal role, and we must see that every health care dollar is spent as effectively as possible. This means disntinuing federally funded health programs which have served their purpose, or which have proved ineffective, or which involve functions more suitably performed by State and local government or the private sector. The Hill-Burton hospital grants program, for example, can no longer be justified on the basis of the shortage of hospital facilities which prompted its creation in . That shortage has given way to a surplus--so that to ntinue this program would only add to the Nation's excess of hospital beds and lead to higher charges to patients. It should be terminated. We are also proposing to phase out the mmunity mental health center demonstration program while providing funding for mmitments to existing arrangements extending up to eight years. This program has helped to build and establish some such centers, which have demonstrated new ways to deliver mental health services at the mmunity level. Regional Medical Programs likewise can now be disntinued. The planning function they have performed can better be nducted by mprehensive State planning efforts. A send function of these programs, the ntinuing education of physicians who are already licensed, is an inappropriate burden for Federal taxpayers to bear. EDUCATION  must be a year of decisive action to restructure Federal aid programs for education. Our goal is to provide ntinued Federal financial support for our schools while expanding State and local ntrol over basic educational decisions. I shall again ask the Congress to establish a new program of Education Revenue Sharing. This program would replace the mplex and inefficient tangle of approximately separate programs for elementary and sendary education with a single flexible authority for use in a few broad areas such as mpensatory education for the disadvantaged, education for the handicapped, vocational education, needed assistance in federally affected areas, and supporting services. Education Revenue Sharing would enlarge the opportunities for State and local decision-makers to tailor programs and resources to meet the specific educational needs of their own localities. It would mean less red tape, less paper work, and greater freedom for those at the local level to do what they think is best for their schools--not what someone in Washington tells them is best. It would help to strengthen the principle of diversity and freedom in education that is as old as America itself, and would give educators a chance to create fresher, more individual approaches to the educational challenges of the Seventies. At the same time, it would affirm and further the national interest in promoting equal educational opportunities for enomically disadvantaged children. If there is any one area of human activity where decisions are best made at the local level by the people who know local nditions and local needs, it is in the field of primary and sendary education. I urge the Congress to join me in making this year, the third in which Education Revenue Sharing has been on the legislative agenda, the year when this much needed reform bemes law. The time has also me to redefine the Federal role in higher education, by replacing categorical support programs for institutions with substantially increased funds for student assistance. My budget proposals have already outlined a plan to channel much more of our higher education support through students themselves, including a new grant program which would increase funds provided to million and the number assisted to over ,, people--almost a five-fold increase over the current academic year. These proposals would help to ensure for the first time that no qualified student seeking postsendary education would be barred from attaining it by a lack of funds--and they would at the same time reinforce the spirit of mpetition among institutions that has made American higher education strong. I urge their prompt enactment. As we work to eliminate the unnecessary bureaucratic nstraints currently hampering Federal education aid, we will also be devoting more attention to educational research and development through the new National Institute of Education. Funding for NIE will increase by almost percent in fiscal year , reaching million. Finally, in order to enhance the diversity provided by our mixed educational system of public and private schools, I will propose to the Congress legislation to provide a tax credit for tuition payments made by parents of children who attend non-public elementary and sendary schools. MANPOWER The Federal manpower program is a vital part of our total effort to nserve and develop our human resources. Up to the present time, however, the manpower program" has been not a unified effort, but a llection of separate categorical activities, many of them overlapping. These activities now include such programs as Manpower Development and Training Act Institutional Training programs, on-the-job training, Neighborhood Youth Corps, Public Service Careers, Operation Mainstream, and the Concentrated Employment Program. The net effect of several such programs operating in a single city seldom amounts to a herent strategy for meeting the needs of people in that mmunity. While many well-run local programs are more than worth what they st, many other individual projects are largely ineffective--and their failure wastes money which uld be used to bolster the solid acmplishments of the rest. Manpower programs ought to offer golden send chances" for the less fortunate to acquire the skills and work habits which will help them beme self-supporting, fully productive citizens. But as presently organized and managed, these send chance opportunities too often beme just another dead-end exercise in frustration, rather than a genuine entree into a good job. I believe that the answer to much of this problem lies in our program of Manpower Revenue Sharing--uniting several previously fragmented manpower activities under a single umbrella and then giving most of the responsibility for running this effort to those governments which are closest to the working men and women who need assistance. In the next months, administrative measures will be taken to institute this needed reform of the manpower system within the present legal framework. Manpower Revenue Sharing assistance will be freed from unnecessary Federal nstraints, and aimed at developing jobs, equipping unemployed workers with useful work skills, and moving trainees into regular employment. WELFARE With the failure of the past two Congresses to enact my proposals for fundamental reform of the Nation's public assistance system, that system remains as I described it in a message last year--"a crazy quilt of injustice and ntradiction that has developed in bits and pieces over the years." The major existing program, Aid to Families with Dependent Children AFDC is as inequitable, inefficient, and inadequate as ever. --The administration of this program is unacceptably loose. The latest national data indicate that in round numbers, one of every persons on the AFDC rolls is totally ineligible for welfare; more are paid more benefits than they are entitled to; and another is underpaid. About one-quarter of AFDC recipients, in other words, are receiving improper payments. --Complex program requirements and administrative red tape at the Federal and State levels have created bureaucracies that are difficult to manage. --Innsistent and unclear definitions of need have diluted resources that should be targeted on those who need help most. --Misguided incentives have disuraged employable persons from work and induced fathers to leave home so that their families can qualify for welfare. After several years of skyrocketing increases, however, outlays for this program have begun to level off. This results from the strong resurgence of our enomy and expansion of the job market, along with some management improvements in the AFDC program and strengthened work requirements which were introduced into the program last year. Since the legislative outlook seems to preclude passage of an overall structural reform bill in the immediate future, I have directed that vigorous steps be taken to strengthen the management of AFDC through administrative measures and legislative proposals. Under these reforms, Federal impediments to efficient State administration of the current AFDC system will be removed wherever possible. Changes will be proposed to reduce the mplexities of current eligibility and payment processes. Work will ntinue to be required of all those who can reasonably be nsidered available for employment, while Federal funds to help welfare recipients acquire needed job skills will increase. One thing is certain: the welfare mess cannot be permitted to ntinue. A system which penalizes a person for going to work and rewards a person for going on welfare is totally alien to the American tradition of self-reliance and self-respect. That is why welfare reform has been and will ntinue to be one of our major goals; and we will work diligently with the Congress in developing ways to achieve it. NUTRITION During the past four years, Federal outlays for food assistance have increased more than three-fold. Food stamp and food distribution programs for needy families have been extended to virtually every mmunity in the untry. More than million persons are now receiving food stamps or distributed foods, more than double the total. More than million schoolchildren' are now being provided with free or reduced-price lunches-up from only million in . We have made great strides toward banishing hunger and malnutrition from American life--and we shall ntinue building on that progress until the job is done. OLDER AMERICANS One measure of the Nation's devotion to our older citizens is the fact that programs benefitting them--including Social Security and a wide range of other activities-now acunt for nearly one-fourth of the entire Federal budget. Social Security benefits levels have been increased percent in the last four years--the most rapid increase in history. Under new legislation which I initially proposed, benefits have also beme inflation-proof, increasing automatically as the st of living increases. Over I/ million older Americans or their dependents can now receive higher Social Security benefits while ntinuing to work. Nearly million widows and widowers are also starting to receive larger benefits-- billion in additional inme in the next fiscal year. And millions of older Americans will be helped by the new Supplemental Security Inme program which establishes a Federal inme floor for the aging, blind, and disabled poor. Nevertheless, we are nfronted with a major item of unfinished business. Approximately two-thirds of the twenty million persons who are and over own their own homes. A disproportionate amount of their fixed inme must now be used for property taxes. I will submit to the Congress remmendations for alleviating the often crushing burdens which property taxes place upon many older Americans. I also ask the operation of the Congress in passing my budget request for million to fund the programs of the Administration on Aging--a funding level more than four times that appropriated for AoA programs in fiscal year . Half of this amount will be devoted to nutrition projects for the elderly, with the remainder going to assist States and localities in developing mprehensive service programs for older Americans. In , we shall ntinue to carry out the mmitment I made in at the White House Conference on Aging: to help make the last days of our older Americans their best days. ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY No one who started life in a family at the bottom of the inme scale, as I did and as many Members of the Congress did, can ever forget how that ndition felt, or ever turn his back on an opportunity to help alleviate it in the lives of others. We in the Federal Government have such an opportunity to help mbat poverty. Our mmitment to this fight has grown steadily during the past decade, without regard to which party happened to be in power, from under billion in total Federal anti-poverty expenditures in to more than billion in my proposed budget for . And we have moved steadily closer to the goal of a society in which all our citizens, regardless of enomic status, will have both the resources and the opportunity to fully ntrol their own destinies. At the beginning of this period, when Government found itself unprepared to respond to the sharp new national awareness of the plight of the disadvantaged, creation of an institutional structure separate from the regular machinery of Government and specifically charged with helping the poor seemed a wise first step to take. Thus the Office of Enomic Opportunity was brought into being in . A wide range of useful anti-poverty programs has been nceived and put into operation over the years by the Office of Enomic Opportunity. Some programs which got their start within OEO have been moved out into the operating departments and agencies of the Government when they matured, and they are thriving there. VISTA, for example, became part of ACTION in , and Head Start was integrated with other activities focused on the first five years of life under HEW's Office of Child Development. OEO's other programs have now developed to a point where they can be similarly integrated. Acrdingly, in keeping with my determination to make every dollar devoted to human resources programs return cents worth of real benefits to the people who most need those benefits, I have decided that most of the anti-poverty activities now nducted by the Office of Enomic Opportunity should be delegated or transferred into the Cabinet departments relating to their respective fields of activity. Adhering strictly to statutory procedures, and requesting Congressional approval whenever necessary, I shall take action to effect this change. This reorganization will increase the efficiency of the various programs by grouping them with other functionally related Federal efforts and by minimizing the overhead sts which in the past have diverted too much money from human needs into staff payrolls and administrative expenses. Funding for the transferred activities will stay level, or in many cases will even increase. The only major OEO program for which termination of Federal funding is remmended in my budget is Community Action. New funding for Community Action activities in fiscal year will be at the discretion of local mmunities. After more than years of existence, Community Action has had an adequate opportunity to demonstrate its value within the mmunities it serves, and to build locally based agencies. OEO has taken steps to help Community Action agencies put down local roots through a program of incentives and training, and has inrporated the basic mmunity action ncept--participation in programs by the people whom the programs seek to serve--into all Federal anti-poverty activities. Further Federal spending on behalf of this ncept, beyond the . billion which has been spent on it since , no longer seems necessary or desirable. LEGAL SERVICES One other enomic opportunity effort deserving special mention is the Legal Services Program. Notwithstanding some abuses, legal services has done much in its seven-year history to breathe new life into the cherished ncept of equal justice for all by providing access to quality legal representation for millions of Americans who would otherwise have been denied it for want of funds. The time has now me to institutionalize legal services as a permanent, responsible, and responsive mponent of the American system of justice. I shall soon propose legislation to the Congress to form a legal services rporation so nstituted as to permit its attorneys to practice acrding to the highest professional standards, provided with safeguards against politicization of its activities, and held acuntable to the people through appropriate monitoring and evaluation procedures. CIVIL RIGHTS Protecting the civil rights of every American is one of my firmest mmitments as President. No citizen should be denied equal justice and equal opportunity in our society because of race, lor, sex, religion, or national origin. This Administration has steadily increased the Federal financial mmitment in this field. Outlays for civil rights and equal opportunity in will pass billion-- / times what they were when we took office. We have worked hard--and with good results--to end de jure school segregation, to promote equal job opportunity, to mbat housing discrimination, to foster minority business enterprise, to uphold voting rights, to assist minority higher education, to meet minority health problems like sickle cell anemia, and to make progress on many other fronts. Now that equal opportunity is clearly written into the statute books, the next and in many ways more difficult step involves moving from abstract legal rights to ncrete enomic opportunities. We must ensure real social mobility--the freedom of all Americans to make their own choices and to go as far and as high as their abilities will take them. Legislation and urt decisions play a major part in establishing that freedom. But mmunity attitudes, government programs, and the vigor of the enomic system all play large parts as well. I believe that we have made progress, and we shall ntinue building on that progress in the ming year: --The Department of Justice will expand its efforts to guarantee equal access to, and equal benefit from, Federal financial assistance programs. --The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission will receive additional resources to carry out its expanded responsibilities. --The Civil Service Commission will expand its monitoring of equal employment opportunities within the Federal Government. --Efforts to assure that Federal ntractors provide equal access to job opportunities will be expanded. --The Small Business Administration will expand its loan program for minority business by nearly one-third. --The Commission on Civil Rights will receive additional resources to carry out its newly granted responsibilities. Additionally, in the year ahead, we will ntinue to support ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution so that American women--not a minority group but a majority of the whole population--need never again be denied equal opportunity. THE AMERICAN INDIAN For Indian people the policy of this Administration will ntinue to be one of advancing their opportunities for self- determination, without termination of the special Federal relationship with regnized Indian tribes. Just as it is essential to put more decision-making in the hands of State and local governments, I ntinue to believe that Indian tribal governments should assume greater responsibility for programs of the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare which operate on their reservations. As I first proposed in , I remmend that the Congress enact the necessary legislation to facilitate this take-over of responsibility. Also, I remmend that the termination resolution be repealed. Meanwhile the new statutory provisions for Indian tribal governments under General Revenue Sharing will assist responsible tribal governments in allocating extra resources with greater flexibility. I shall also propose new legislation to foster local Indian self-determination by developing an Interior Department program of bloc grants to Federally regnized tribes as a replacement for a number of existing enomic and resource development programs. The primary purpose of these grants would be to provide tribal governments with funds which they uld use at their own discretion to promote development of their reservations. Indian tribal organizations and Indians seeking to enter business need easier access to loan and credit opportunities; I proposed in and will again propose legislation to acmplish this objective. Because Indian rights to natural resources need better protection, I am again urging the Congress to create an Indian Trust Counsel Authority to guarantee that protection. In the two and one-half years that Indians have been waiting for the Congress to enact the major legislation I have proposed, we have moved ahead administratively whenever possible. We have restored , acres of wrongfully acquired Government land to the Yakima Tribe. We have filed a precedent-setting suit in the Supreme Court to protect Indian water rights in Pyramid Lake. My fiscal year budget proposes total Federal outlays of . billion for Indian affairs, an increase of more than percent over . To accelerate organizational reform, I have directed the Secretary of the Interior to transfer day to day operational activities of the Bureau of Indian Affairs out of Washington to its field offices. And I am again asking the Congress to create a new Assistant Secretary position within the Interior Department to deal with Indian matters. VETERANS With the ming of peace, the Nation's inestimable debt to our veterans and their dependents will ntinue to mmand a high priority among the human resource efforts of this Administration. During the past four years, I have twice signed legislation increasing the allowances for educational assistance to veterans. Nearly e million veterans are now in some form of training under the GI Bill for Vietnam-era veterans. Pension payments to veterans or their survivors who need inme support have also been raised twice and the test of need has been greatly improved, including a more equitable formula for adjusting the VA pension rate when other sources of inme, such as Social Security, are increased. The VA pension program now directly benefits over million individuals. Compensation payments for service related disabilities have been raised on two occasions, and more than e million veterans of all wars now receive this benefit. The service-disabled veteran deserves special ncern. In addition to top-priority nsideration in medical care, my budget calls for VA outlays to provide disabled Vietnam-era veterans with vocational rehabilitation, housing grants, and specially equipped automobiles to be nearly doubled in mpared to their level. Disability mpensation is also being intensively reviewed to ensure that disabled veterans will receive mpensation payments which fully regnize their earnings impairment. VA guaranteed home loans for veterans have risen by almost two-thirds since we took office. And high-priority job programs have decreased the unemployment rate among Vietnam-era veterans by almost one-third during the past year alone. Dramatic progress has been made in the veterans medical care program. A high level of nstruction and modernization of VA medical facilities has been carried on. The total number of medical care personnel staffing VA facilities has increased by one-sixth since . The total number of veterans treated--both in VA facilities and as outpatients--has risen to new highs. Beneficiaries treated as hospital inpatients will go over the million mark in fiscal for the first time. Outpatient visits will climb to almost ,,--about twice the level of . Since , there has also been a steady shortening of the average length of stay in VA hospitals, a highly desirable objective from every viewpoint. This means that VA hospitals have fewer patients in bed on an average day, with shorter waiting lists, even though the total number of patients treated has gone up. Misunderstanding these statistics, some have sought to establish by law a numerical minimum average daily patient census in VA hospitals. But such a fixed daily census would represent a backward step: it would force a sharply increased length-of-stay--an effect that is medically, enomically, and socially undesirable. It is far better that our veterans be restored to their families and jobs as rapidly as feasible, nsistent with good medical care. A fixed patient census would tie the hands of those seeking to serve veterans' health needs; I urge the Congress not to enact such a requirement. The Congress is now studying several bills involving the VA pension program and cemetery and burial benefits for veterans. I hope that the Congress will work to see that the veterans pension program is realistically structured and mpatible with other major inme maintenance programs. On the burial benefits question, I urge that legislative action be deferred until mpletion of a study currently being nducted by the Administrator of Veterans Affairs to determine the most equitable approach to improving burial and cemetery benefits for veterans. The Administrator's remmendations will be made available to the Congress in the near future. CONSUMER AFFAIRS The self-reliance and resourcefulness of our people when they enter the marketplace as nsumers, the generally high standard of ethics and social responsibility upheld by business and industry, and the restrained intervention of government at various levels as a vigorous but not heavy-handed referee of mmerce-that mbination of factors, in that order, has been largely responsible for nfounding predictions that American capitalism would breed its own downfall in the th century. We must build on each of these strengths in our efforts to protect the rights of the nsumer as well as the vigor of the free enterprise enomy in the 's. Early in , after the Congress had failed to act on my Buyer's Bill of Rights" proposal for a new Office of Consumer Affairs directly under the President, I established such an office by executive order. Under the direction of my Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs, OCA has helped to create a stronger nsumer nsciousness throughout the executive branch. This office is now ready to integrate its operations more fully with the line departments of the Government, and has acrdingly been transferred into the Department of Health, Education and Welfare-the logical base for an agency ncerned with human well-being. From this new base the Office of Consumer Affairs will ntinue its policy formation role and educational efforts, and will also take on additional responsibilities, including representing nsumer interests in testimony before the Congress and acting as a general ombudsman for the individual nsumer. VOLUNTARY ACTION Many thousands of Americans already are volunteering their time to meet human needs in their mmunities--fighting disease, teaching children to read, working to solve local social problems. But now we must do more to tap the enormous reservoir of energy represented by millions of other potential citizen volunteers. That is why three years ago I enuraged a number of our leading citizens to create the National Center for Voluntary Action to support private volunteer efforts; that is why two years ago I established the new ACTION agency to strengthen Federal volunteer programs. We must now ntinue seeking new avenues of citizen service. As we turn from the ncerns of war, may all Americans accept the challenge of peace by volunteering to help meet the needs of their mmunities--so that we can mobilize a new army of ncerned, dedicated, able volunteers across the Nation. ARTS AND HUMANITIES I know that many in the Congress share the ncern I have often expressed that some Americans, particularly younger people, lost faith in their untry during the 's. I believe this faith is now being reborn out of the knowledge that our untry is moving toward an era of lasting peace in the world, toward a healthier environment, and toward a new era of progress and equality of opportunity for all our people. But renewed faith in ourselves also arises from a deeper understanding of who we are, where we have me from, and where we are going--an understanding to which the arts and the humanities can make a great ntribution. Government has a limited but important function in enuraging the arts and the humanities--that of reinforcing local initiatives and helping key institutions to help themselves. With the approach of our Bicentennial, we have a special opportunity to draw on the enrichment and renewal which cultural activity can provide in our national life. With this in mind, my budget requests further expansion of the funds for the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities, to a new high of million. I ask ntinued full support from the Congress for this funding. SAYING YES Carl Sandburg spoke volumes about this untry's past and future in three simple words that became the title for one of his greatest poems: The People, Yes." America has risen to greatness because again and again when the chips were down, the American people have said yes--yes to the challenge of freedom, yes to the dare of progress, and yes to the hope of peace--even when defending the peace has meant paying the price of war. America's greatness will endure in the future only if our institutions ntinually rededicate themselves to saying yes to the people--yes to human needs and aspirations, yes to democracy and the nsent of the governed, yes to equal opportunity and unlimited horizons of achievement for every American.  is a year full of opportunity for great advances on this front. After more than a decade of war, we have successfully mpleted one of the most unselfish missions ever undertaken by one nation in the defense of another. Now the ming of peace permits us to turn our attention more fully to the works of mpassion, ncern, and social betterment here at home. The seriousness of my mmitment to make the most of this opportunity is demonstrated by the rerd level of funding for human resource programs proposed in our new budget-- billion in all-nearly twice the amount that was being spent on such programs when I took office in . This is both a generous budget and a reform budget. The reforms it proposes will put muscle behind the generosity it intends. The overall effect of these reforms will be the elimination of programs that are wasteful so that we can ncentrate on programs that work. They will make possible the ntinued growth of Federal efforts to meet human needs-while at the same time helping to prevent a runaway deficit that uld lead to higher taxes, higher prices, and higher interest rates for all Americans. The opportunity is ours, executive and legislative branches together, to lead America to a new standard of fairness, of freedom, and of vitality within our federal system. We can forge a new approach to human services in this untry--an approach which will treat people as more than mere statistics--an approach which regnizes that problems like poverty and unemployment, health care and the sts of education are more than ld abstractions in a government file drawer. We know how tough these problems are, because many of us grew up with them ourselves. But we also know that with the right kind of help and the right kind of spirit they can be overme. Let us give all our citizens the help they need. But let us remember that each of us also bears a basic obligation to help himself and to help our fellowman, and that no one else can assume that obligation for us--least of all the Federal Government. If we shirk our individual responsibility, the American dream will never be more than a dream. But if the people say yes to this challenge, if government says yes to the people-and if all of us in Washington say no to petty quarrels and partisanship and yes to our public trust--then we can truly bring that dream to life for all Americans in the new day of peace that is dawning. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   March , ." To the Congress of the United States: Today, in this third section of my State of the Union Message, I wish to report on the state of our enomy and to urge the Congress to join with me in building the foundations for a new era of prosperity in the United States. The state of our Union depends fundamentally on the state of our enomy. I am pleased to report that our enomic prospects are very bright. For the first time in nearly years, we can look forward to a period of genuine prosperity in a time of peace. We can, in fact, achieve the most bountiful prosperity that this Nation has ever known. That goal can only be attained, however, if we discipline ourselves and unite on certain basic policies: --We must be restrained in Federal spending. --We must show reasonableness in labor-management relations. --We must mply fully with the new Phase III requirements of our enomic stabilization program. --We must ntinue our battle to hold down the price of food. --And we must vigorously meet the challenge of foreign trading mpetition. It is clear to me that the American people stand firmly together in support of these policies. Their President stands with them. And as Members of the rd Congress nsider the alternatives before us this year, I am nfident that they, too, will join in this great endeavor. IMPACT OF THE ECONOMY ON PEOPLE'S LIVES This message will present my basic enomic remmendations and priorities and will indicate some areas in which further detailed plans will be submitted later. But I also want to discuss our enomic situation in less formal terms: how do statistical measurements, mparisons and projections affect the daily lives of individual Americans and their families? We build our enomy, after all, not to create ld, impersonal statistics for the rerd books but to better the lives of our people. Basically, the enomy affects people in three ways. First, it affects their jobs--how plentiful they are, how secure they are, how good they are. Send, it affects what people are paid on their jobs--and how much they can buy with that inme. Finally, it affects how much people have to pay back to the Government in taxes. JOB PICTURE ENCOURAGING To begin with, the job picture today is very enuraging. The number of people at work in this untry rose by . million during -the largest increase in years. Unemployment fell from the percent level in to percent last month. The reason jobs have grown so rapidly is that the enomy grew in real terms by / percent last year, one of the best performances in the past quarter century,. Our enomic advisers expect a growth rate of nearly percent in . That would bring unemployment down to around the / percent level by the end of the year. Five percent unemployment is too high. Nevertheless, it is instructive to examine that percent figure more closely. For example: --Only percent of those now unted as unemployed are in that status because they lost their last job. The rate of layoffs at the end of last year was lower than it has been since the Korean War. --The other percent either left their last job voluntarily, are seeking jobs for the first time or are re-entering the labor force after being out of it for a period of time. --About percent of the unemployed have been unemployed for less than five weeks. ---As mpared with earlier periods when the overall unemployment rate was about what it is now, the unemployment rate is significantly lower for adult males, household heads and married men. Among married men it is only . percent. Unemployment among these groups should decline even further during . This employment gain is even more remarkable since so many more people have been seeking jobs than usual. For example, nearly three million Americans have been released from defense-related jobs since --including over one million veterans. The unemployment rate for veterans of the Vietnam War now stands at . percent, above the general rate of unemployment but slightly below the rate for other males in the -to--year-old age bracket. While much better than the . percent of a year ago, this . percent rate is still too high. The employment problems of veterans, who have given so much for their untry, will remain high on my list of ncerns for the ming year. Women and young people have also been seeking work in rerd numbers. Yet, as in the case of veterans, jobs for these groups have been increasing even faster. Unemployment among women and young people has thus declined--but it is also much too high and nstitutes a great waste for our Nation. As we move into a new era of peacetime prosperity, our enomic system is going to have room--indeed, is going to have need--for nearly every available hand. The role of women in our enomy thus is bound to grow. And it should--not only because the expansion of opportunities for women is right, but also because America will not be able to achieve its full enomic potential unless every woman who wants to work can find a job that provides fair mpensation and equal opportunity for advancement. This Administration is mmitted to the promotion of this goal. We support the Equal Rights Amendment. We have opened the doors of employment to qualified women in the Federal service. We have called for similar efforts in businesses and institutions which receive Federal ntracts or assistance. Just last year, we established the Advisory Committee on the Enomic Role of Women. This Committee will provide leadership in helping to identify enomic problems facing women and helping to change the attitudes which create unjust and illogical barriers to their employment. PAY AND PURCHASING POWER The send great question is what people are paid on their jobs and how much it will buy for them. Here the news is also good. Not only are more people working, but they are getting more for their work. Average per capita inme rose by . percent during , well above the average gain during the previous ten years. The most important thing, however, is that these gains were not wiped out by rising prices--as they often were in the 's. The Federal Government spent too much, too fast in that period and the result was runaway inflation. While wages may have climbed very rapidly during those years, purchasing power did not. Instead, purchasing power stalled, or even moved backward. Inflation created an enomic treadmill that sometimes required a person to achieve a percent salary increase every year just to stay even. Now that has changed. The inflation rate last year was cut nearly in half from what it was four years ago. The purchasing power of the average worker's takehome pay rose more last year than in any year since ; it went up by . percent--the equivalent of two extra weekly paychecks. We expect inflation to be reduced even further in --for several reasons. A fundamental reason is the Nation's growing opposition to runaway Federal spending. The public increasingly perceives what such spending does to prices and taxes. As a result, we have a good chance now, the best in years, to curb the growth of the Federal budget. That will do more than anything else to protect the family budget. Other forces are working for us too. Productivity increased sharply last year--which means the average worker is producing more and can therefore earn more without driving prices higher. In addition, the fact that real spendable earnings rose so substantially last year will enurage reasonable wage demands this year. Workers will not have to catch up from an earlier slump in earnings. Finally, we now have a new system of wage and price ntrols--one that is the right kind of system for . FIRM CONTROLS IN FORCE; FOOD PRICES FOUGHT Any idea that ntrols have virtually been ended is totally wrong. We still have firm ntrols. We are still enforcing them firmly. All that has changed is our method of enforcing them. The old system depended on a Washington bureaucracy to approve major wage and price increases in advance. Although it was effective while it lasted, this system was beginning to produce inequities and to get tangled in red tape. The new system will avoid these dangers. Like most of our laws, it relies largely on self-administration, on the voluntary operation of the American people. But if some people should fail to operate, we still have the will and the means to crack down on them. To any enomic interests which might feel that the new system will permit them, openly or vertly, to achieve gains beyond the safety limits we shall prescribe, let me deliver this message in clear and unmistakable terms: We will regard any flouting of our anti-inflationary rules and standards as nothing less than attempted enomic arson threatening our national enomic stability-and we shall act acrdingly. We would like Phase III to be as voluntary as possible. But we will make it as mandatory as necessary. Our new system of ntrols has broad support from business and labor--the keystone for any successful program. It will prepare us for the day when we no longer need ntrols. It will allow us to ncentrate on those areas where inflation has been most troublesome---nstruction, health care and especially food prices. We are focusing particular attention and action on the tough problem of food prices. These prices have risen sharply at the wholesale level in recent months, so that figures for retail prices in January and February will inevitably show sharp increases. In fact, we will probably see increases in food prices for some months to me. The underlying cause of this problem is that food supplies have not risen fast enough to keep up with the rapidly rising demand. But we must not accept rising food prices as a permanent feature of American life. We must halt this inflationary spiral by attacking the causes of rising food prices on all fronts. Our first priority must be to increase supplies of food to meet the increasing demand. We are moving vigorously to expand our food supplies: --We are enuraging farmers to put more acreage into production of both crops and livestock. --We are allowing more meat and dried milk to me in from abroad. --We have ended subsidies for agricultural exports. --And we are reducing the Government's agricultural stockpiles and enuraging farmers to sell the stock they own. Measures such as these will stop the rise of wholesale food prices and will slow the rise of retail food prices. Unfortunately, nothing we can do will have a decisive effect in the next few months. But the steps I have taken will have a powerful effect in the send half of the year. These steps will also help our farmers to improve their inmes by producing more without rresponding price increases. We anticipate that farm prices will be no higher at the end of this year than they were at the beginning. For all of these reasons, we have a good chance to reduce the overall inflation rate to / percent by the end of . HOLDING THE LINE ON TAXES The third important enomic question ncerns how much money people pay out in taxes and how much they have left to ntrol themselves. Here, too, the picture is promising. Since , the share of the average family's inme taken for taxes in the United States has nearly doubled--to more than percent. The average person worked less than one hour out of each eight-hour day to pay his taxes in ; today he works nearly two hours each day for the tax llector. In fact, if tax cut proposals had not been adopted during our first term, the average worker's pay increase last year would have been wiped out mpletely by increased taxes and the taxpayers would have to pay out an additional billion in personal inme taxes this year. The only way to hold the line on taxes is to hold the line on Federal spending. This is why we are cutting back, eliminating or reforming Federal programs that waste the taxpayers' money. My Administration has now had four years of experience with all of our Federal programs. We have nducted detailed studies mparing their sts and results. On the basis of that experience I am nvinced that the st of many Federal programs can no longer be justified. Among them are: --housing programs that benefit the well-to-do but short-change the poor; --health programs that build more hospitals when hospital beds are now in surplus; --educational fellowships designed to attract more people into teaching when tens of thousands of teachers already cannot find teaching jobs; --programs that subsidize education for the children of Federal employees who already pay enough local taxes to support their local schools; --programs that blindly ntinue welfare payments to those who are ineligible or overpaid. Such programs may have appealing names; they may sound like good causes. But behind a fancy label can lie a dismal failure. And unless we cut back now on the programs that have failed, we will soon run out of money for the programs that succeed. It has been charged that our budget cuts show a lack of mpassion for the disadvantaged. The best answer to this charge is to look at the facts. We are budgeting percent more to help the poor next year than was the case four years ago; percent more to help the sick; percent more to help older Americans and percent more to help the hungry and malnourished. Altogether, our human resources budget is a rerd billion--nearly double that of four years ago when I came into office. We have already shifted our spending priorities from defense programs to human resource programs. Now we must also switch our spending priorities from programs which give us a bad return on the dollar to programs that pay off. That is how to show we truly care about the needy. The question is not whether we help but how we help. By eliminating programs that are wasteful, we can ncentrate on programs that work. Our recent round of budget cuts can save i i billion in this fiscal year, billion next fiscal year, and billion the year after. That means an average saving of over the next three years for each of America's million taxpayers. Without the savings I have achieved through program reductions and reforms, those spending totals respectively would be billion, billion and billion-figures which would spell either higher taxes, a new surge of crippling inflation, or both. To hold the line on Federal spending, it is absolutely vital that we have the full operation of the Congress. I urge the Congress, as one of its most pressing responsibilities, to adopt an overall spending ceiling for each fiscal year. I also ask that it establish a regular procedure for ensuring that the ceiling is maintained. THE INTERNATIONAL CHALLENGE In recent years, the attention of Americans has increasingly turned to the serious questions nfronting us in international trade and in the monetary arena. This is no longer the era in which the United States, preeminent in science, marketing and services, can dominate world markets with the advanced products of our technology and our advanced means of production. This is no longer the era in which the United States can automatically sell more abroad than we purchase from foreign untries. We face new challenges in international mpetition and are thus in a period of substantial adjustment in our relations with our trading partners. One nsequence of these developments was the step we took last week to change the relative value of the dollar in trading abroad. We took this step because of a serious trade imbalance which uld threaten the mounting prosperity of our people. America has been buying more from other untries than they have been buying from us. And just as a family or a mpany cannot go on indefinitely buying more than it sells, neither can a untry. Changing the exchange rates will help us change this picture. It means our exports will be priced more mpetitively in the international marketplace and should therefore sell better. Our imports, on the other hand, will not grow as fast. But this step must now be followed by reforms which are more basic. First, we need a more flexible international monetary system, one that will lead to balance without crisis. The United States set forth fundamental proposals for such a system last September. It is time for other nations to join us in getting action on these proposals. Sendly, American products must get a fairer shake in a more open world trading system--so that we can extend American markets and expand American jobs. If other untries make it harder for our products to be sold abroad, then our trade imbalance can only grow worse. RESPONSIBILITY OF THE CONGRESS America is assuredly on the road to a new era of prosperity. The road signs are clear, and we are gathering more momentum with each passing month. But we can easily lose our way unless the Congress is on board, helping to steer the urse. As we face , in fact, we may be sure that the state of our enomy in the future will very much depend upon the decisions made this year on Capitol Hill. Over the urse of the next few months, I will urge prompt Congressional action on a variety of enomic proposals. Together, these proposals will nstitute one of the most important packages of enomic initiatives ever nsidered by any Congress in our history. I hope--as do all of our people--that the Congress will act with both discipline and dispatch. Among the items included in my enomic package are: --Extension of the Enomic Stabilization Program. Present authority will soon expire, and I have asked the Congress to extend the law for one year to April , . I hope this will be done without adding general mandatory standards or prescribing rigid advance decisions-steps that would only hamper sound administration of the program. A highly mplex enomy simply cannot be regulated effectively for extended periods in that way. --Tax Program. I shall remmend a tax program that builds further reforms on those we achieved in and . --Property Tax Relief. I shall also submit remmendations for alleviating the crushing burdens which property taxes now create for older Americans. --Tax Credit for Nonpublic Schools. I shall propose legislation which would provide for inme tax credit for tuition paid to nonpublic elementary and sendary schools. These institutions are a valuable national resource, relieving the public school system of enrollment pressures, injecting a welme variety into our educational process, and expanding the options of millions of parents. --Trade Legislation. Another item high on our agenda will be new trade proposals which I will soon send to the Congress. They would make it easier for us not only to lower our trade barriers when other untries lower theirs but also to raise our barriers when that is necessary to keep things fair. --Other Reforms. To modernize and make them more equitable and beneficial, I shall also later submit remmendations for improving the performance of our private pension system, our unemployment mpensation program, our minimum wage laws and the manner in which we deal with our transportation systems. ---Spending Limits. Finally, but most importantly, I ask the Congress to act this year to impose strict limits on Federal spending. The cuts I have suggested in this year's budget did not me easily. Thus I can well understand that it may not be easy for the Congress to sustain them, as every special interest group lobbies with its own special Congressional mmittees for its own special legislation. But the Congress should serve more than the special interest; its first allegiance must always be to the public interest. We must also regnize that no one in the Congress is now charged with adding all of our Federal expenditures together-and nsidering their total impact on. taxes and prices. It is as if each member of a family went shopping on his own, without knowing how much money was available in the overall family budget or how much other members of the family were spending or charging on various credit acunts. To overme these problems, I urge prompt adoption by the Congress of an overall spending ceiling for each fiscal year. This action would allow the Congress to work jointly with me in holding spending to billion in the current fiscal year, billion next year, and billion in fiscal year . Beyond the adoption of an annual ceiling, I also remmend that the Congress nsider internal reforms which would establish a regular mechanism for deciding how to maintain the ceiling. I have no enomic remmendation to make to the Congress which is more important to the enomic well-being of our people. I believe that most members of the House and Senate want to hold down spending. Most Congressmen voted for a spending ceiling in principle when the Senate and House approved a ceiling last fall. Unfortunately the two bodies uld not get together on a final version. I believe they must get together soon--so that the Congress can proceed this year with a firm sense of budget discipline. The stakes are high. If we do not restrain spending and if my remmended cuts are reversed, it would take a percent increase in inme taxes to pay for the additional expenditures. The separation of powers between the President and the Congress has beme a favorite topic of discussion in recent weeks. We should never, of urse, lose our sharp ncern for maintaining Constitutional balances. But we should never overlook the fact we have joint responsibilities as well as separate powers. There are many areas in which the President and the Congress should and must work together in behalf of all the people--and the level of spending, since it directly affects the pocketbooks of every family in the land, is one of the most critical. I have fulfilled my pledge that I would not remmend any programs that would require a general tax increase or would create inflationary pressures. Now it is up to the Congress to match these efforts with a spending ceiling of its own. MAKING A CHOICE We stand on the threshold of a new era of prolonged and growing prosperity for the United States. Unlike past booms, this new prosperity will not depend on the stimulus of war. It will not be eaten away by the blight of inflation. It will be solid; it will be steady; and it will be sustainable. If we act responsibly, this new prosperity can be ours for many years to me. If we don't, then, as Franklin Roosevelt once warned, we uld be wrecked on the) rocks of loose fiscal policy." The choice is ours. Let us choose responsible prosperity. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House," February , . To the Congress of the United States: With the opening of a new Congress and the beginning of a new Presidential term me fresh opportunities for achievement in America. To help us nsider more adequately the very special challenges of this new year, I am presenting my State of the Union Message in' a number of sections. Two weeks ago I sent the first of those sections to the Congress--an overview reporting that the basic state of our Union today is sound, and full of promise." Today I wish to report to the Congress on the state of our natural resources and environment. It is appropriate that this topic be first of our substantive policy discussions in the State of the Union presentation, since nowhere in our national affairs do we have more gratifying progress--nor more urgent, remaining problems. There was a time when Americans took our natural resources largely for granted. For example, President Linln observed in his State of the Union message for that A nation may be said to nsist of its territory, its people, and its laws. The territory is the only part which is of certain durability." In recent years, however, we have me to realize that our territory"--that is, our land, air, water, minerals, and the like--is not of certain durability" after all. We have learned that these natural resources are fragile and finite, and that many have been seriously damaged or despoiled. When we came to office in , we tackled this problem with all the power at our mmand. Now there is enuraging evidence that the United States has moved away from the environmental crisis that uld have been and toward a new era of restoration and renewal. Today, in , I can report to the Congress that we are well on the way to winning the war against environmental degradation-well on the way to making our peace with nature. YEARS OF PROGRESS While I am disappointed that the nd Congress failed to act upon of my key natural resources and environment proposals, I am pleased to have signed many of the proposals I supported into law during the past four years. They have included air quality legislation, strengthened water quality and pesticide ntrol legislation, new authorities to ntrol noise and ocean dumping, regulations to prevent oil and other spills in our ports and waterways, and legislation establishing major national recreation areas at America's Atlantic and Pacific gateways, New York and San Francis. On the organizational front, the National Environmental Policy Act of has reformed programs and decision-making processes in our Federal agencies and has given citizens a greater opportunity to ntribute as decisions are made. In I appointed the first Council on Environmental Quality--a group which has provided active leadership in environmental policies. In the same year, I established the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to provide more ordinated and vigorous environmental management. Our natural resource programs still need to be nsolidated, however, and I will again submit legislation to the Congress to meet this need. The results of these efforts are tangible and measurable. Day by day, our air is getting cleaner; in virtually every one of our major cities the levels of air pollution are declining. Month by month, our water pollution problems are also being nquered, our noise and pesticide problems are ming under ntrol, our parklands and protected wilderness areas are increasing. Year by year, our mmitment of public funds for environmental programs ntinues to grow; it has increased four-fold in the last four years. In the area of water quality alone, it has grown fifteen-fold. In fact, we are now buying new facilities nearly as fast as the nstruction industry can build them. Spending still more money would not buy us more pollution ntrol facilities but only more expensive ones. In addition to what Government is doing in the battle against pollution, our private industries are assuming a steadily growing share of responsibility in this field. Last year industrial spending for pollution ntrol jumped by percent, and this year it uld reach as much as billion. All nations, regardless of their enomic systems, share to some extent in the environmental problem--but with vigorous United States leadership, joint efforts to solve this global problem are showing results. The United Nations has adopted the American proposal for a special U.N. environmental fund to ordinate and support international environmental programs. Some nations have ncluded an international nvention to ntrol the ocean dumping of wastes. An agreement is now being forged in the Intergovernmental Maritime Consultative Organization to end the intentional discharge of oil from ships into the ocean..This objective, first remmended by my Administration, was adopted by the NATO Committee on the Challenges of Modern Society. Representatives of almost untries are meeting in Washington this week at our initiative to draft a treaty to protect endangered species of plant and animal wildlife. The U.S.-USSR environmental operation agreement which I signed in Mosw last year makes two of the world's greatest industrial powers allies against pollution. Another agreement which we ncluded last year with Canada will help to clean up the Great Lakes. Domestically, we can also be proud of the steady progress being made in improving the quality of life in rural and agricultural America. We are beginning to break away from the old rigid system of ntrols which eroded the farmer's freedom through Government intrusion in the marketplace. The new flexibility permitted by the Agricultural Act of has enabled us to help expand farm markets and take advantage of the opportunity to increase exports by almost percent in just three years. Net farm inme is at an all-time high, up from . billion in to billion in . PRINCIPLES TO GUIDE US A rerd is not something to stand on; it is something to build on. And in this field of natural resources and the environment, we intend to build diligently and well. As we strive to transform our ncern into action, our efforts will be guided by five basic principles: The first principle is that we must strike a balance so that the protection of our irreplaceable heritage bemes as important as its use. The price of enomic growth need not and will not be deterioration in the quality of our lives and our surroundings. Send, because there are no local or State boundaries to the problems of our environment, the Federal Government must play an active, positive role. We can and will set standards and exercise leadership. We are providing necessary funding support. And we will provide enuragement and incentive for others to help with the job. But Washington must not displace State and local initiative, and we shall expect the State and local governments-along with the private sector--to play the central role in making the difficult, particular decisions which lie ahead. Third, the sts of pollution should be more fully met in the free marketplace, not in the Federal budget. For example, the price of pollution ntrol devices for automobiles should be borne by the owner and the user and not by the general taxpayer. The sts of eliminating pollution should be reflected in the sts of goods and services. Fourth, we must realize that each individual must take the responsibility for looking after his own home and workplace. These daily surroundings are the environment where most Americans spend most of their time. They reflect people's pride in themselves and their nsideration for their mmunities. A person's backyard is not the domain of the Federal Government. Finally, we must remain nfident that America's technological and enomic ingenuity will be equal to our environmental challenges. We will not look upon these challenges as insurmountable obstacles. Instead, we shall nvert the so-called crisis of the environment into an opportunity for unprecedented progress. CONTROLLING POLLUTION We have made great progress in developing the laws and institutions to clean up pollution. We now have formidable new tools to protect against air, water and noise pollution and the special problem of pesticides. But to protect ourselves fully from harmful ntaminants, we must still close several gaps in governmental authority. I was keenly disappointed when the last Congress failed to take action on many of my legislative requests related to our natural resources and environment. In the ming weeks I shall once again send these urgently needed proposals to the Congress so that the unfinished environmental business of the nd Congress can beme the environmental achievements of the rd. Among these proposals are eight whose passage would give us much greater ntrol over the sources of pollution: --Toxic Substances. Many new chemicals can pose hazards to humans and the environment and are not well regulated. Authority is now needed to provide adequate testing standards for chemical substances and to restrict or prevent their distribution if testing nfirms a hazard. --Hazardous Wastes. Land disposal of hazardous wastes has always been widely practiced but is now beming more prevalent because of strict air and water pollution ntrol programs. The disposal of the extremely hazardous wastes which endanger the health of humans and other organisms is a problem requiring direct Federal regulation. For other hazardous wastes, Federal standards should be established with guidelines for State regulatory programs to carry them out. --Safe Drinking Water. Federal action is also needed to stimulate greater State and local action to ensure high standards for our drinking water. We should establish national drinking water standards, with primary enforcement and monitoring powers retained by the State and local agencies, as well as a Federal requirement that suppliers notify their customers of the quality of their water. -Sulfur Oxides Emissions Charge. We now have national standards to help curtail sulfur emitted into the atmosphere from mbustion, refining, smelting and other processes, but sulfur oxides ntinue to be among our most harmful air pollutants. For that reason, I favor legislation which would allow the Federal Government to impose a special financial charge on those who produce sulfur oxide emissions. This legislation would also help to ensure that low-sulfur fuels are allocated to areas where they are most urgently needed to protect the public health. --Sediment Control. Sediment from soil erosion and runoff ntinues to be a pervasive pollutant of our waters. Legislation is needed to ensure that the States make the ntrol of sediment from new nstruction a vital part of their water quality programs. --Controlling Environmental Impacts of Transportation. As we have learned in recent years, we urgently need a mass transportation system not only to relieve urban ngestion but also to reduce the ncentrations of pollution that are too often the result of our present methods of transportation. Thus I will ntinue to place high priority upon my request to permit use of the Highway Trust Fund for mass transit purposes and to help State and local governments achieve air quality, nserve energy, and meet other environmental objectives. --United Nations Environmental Fund. Last year the United Nations adopted my proposal to establish a fund to ordinate and support international environmental programs. My budget includes a request for million as our initial ntribution toward the Fund's five-year goal of million, and I remmend authorizing legislation for this purpose. --Ocean Dumping Convention. Along with other nations, the United States recently ncluded an international nvention calling for regulation of ocean dumping. I am most anxious to obtain the advice and nsent of the Senate for this nvention as soon as possible. Congressional action is also needed on several other international nventions and amendments to ntrol oil pollution from ships in the oceans. MANAGING THE LAND AS we steadily bring our pollution problems under ntrol, more effective and sensible use of our land is rapidly emerging as among the highest of our priorities. The land is our Nation's basic natural resource, and our stewardship of this resource today will affect generations to me. America's land once seemed inexhaustible. There was always more of it beyond the horizon. Until the twentieth century we displayed a carelessness about our land, born of our youthful innocence and desire to expand. But our land is no longer an open frontier. Americans not only need, but also very much want to preserve diverse and beautiful landscapes, to maintain essential farm lands, to save wetlands and wildlife habitats, to keep open recreational space near crowded population centers, and to protect our shorelines and beaches. Our goal is to harmonize development with environmental quality and to add creatively to the beauty and long-term worth of land already being used. Land use policy is a basic responsibility of State and local governments. They are closer to the problems and closer to the people. Some localities are already reforming land use regulation--a trend I hope will accelerate. But because land is a national heritage, the Federal Government must exercise leadership in land use decision processes, and I am today again proposing that we provide it. In the ming weeks, I will ask the Congress to enact a number of legislative initiatives which will help us achieve this goal: --National Land Use Policy. Our greatest need is for mprehensive new legislation to stimulate State land use ntrols. We especially need a National Land Use Policy Act authorizing Federal assistance to enurage the States, in operation with local governments, to protect lands of critical environmental ncern and to regulate the siting of key facilities such as airports, highways and major private developments. Appropriate Federal funds should be withheld from States that fail to act. --Power plant Siting. An open, long-range planning process is needed to help meet our power needs while also protecting the environment. We can avoid unnecessary delays with a power plant siting law which assures that electric power facilities are nstructed on a timely basis, but with early and thorough review of long-range plans and specific provisions to protect the environment. --Protection of Wetlands. Our astal wetlands are increasingly threatened by residential and mmercial development. To increase their protection, I believe we should use the Federal tax laws to disurage unwise development in wetlands. --Historic Preservation and Rehabilitation. An important part of our national heritage are those historic structures in our urban areas which should be rehabilitated and preserved, not demolished. To help meet this goal, our tax laws should be revised to enurage rehabilitation of older buildings, and we should provide Federal insurance of loans to restore historic buildings for residential purposes. --Management of Public Lands. Approximately one-fifth of the Nation's land is nsidered public domain and lacks the protection of an overall management policy with environmental safeguards. Legislation is required to enable the Secretary of the Interior to protect our environmental interest on those lands. --Legacy of Parks. Under the Legacy of Parks program which I initiated in , separate parcels of parklands and underused Federal lands in all States have been turned over to local ntrol for park and recreational purposes. Most of these parcels are near ngested urban areas, so that millions of citizens can now have easy access to parklands. I am pleased to announce today that more parcels of Federal land will soon be made available under this same program A list of the properties was issued by the White House on the same day. Included were lands in California, Colorado, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Rhode Island, Texas, and Washington. We must not be ntent, however, with just the Legacy of Parks program. New authority is needed to revise the formula for allocating grant funds to the States from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. More of these funds should be channelled to States with large urban populations. --Mining on Public Lands. Under a statute now over a century old, public lands must be transferred to private ownership at the request of any person who disvers minerals on them. We thus have no effective ntrol over mining on these properties. Because the public lands belong to all Americans, this Mining Act should be repealed and replaced with new legislation which I shall send to the Congress. --Mined Area Protection. Surface and underground mining can too often cause serious air and water pollution as well as unnecessary destruction of wildlife habitats and aesthetic and recreational areas. New legislation with stringent performance standards is required to regulate abuses of surface and underground mining in a manner mpatible with the environment. AMERICAN AGRICULTURE A BASIC NATIONAL RESOURCE Nearly three-fifths of America's land is in the stewardship of the farmer and the rancher. We can be grateful that farmers have been among our best nservationists over the years. Farmers know better than most that sound nservation means better long-term production and improved land values. More importantly, no one respects and understands our soil and land better than those who make their living by the land. But Americans know their farmers and ranchers best for all they have done to keep us the best-fed and best-clothed people in the history of mankind. A forward-looking agricultural enomy is not only essential for environmental progress, but also to provide for our burgeoning food and fiber needs. My Administration is not going to express its goal for farmers in nfusing terms. Our goal, instead, is very simple. The farmer wants, has earned, and deserves more freedom to make his own decisions. The Nation wants and needs expanded supplies of reasonably priced goods and mmodities. These goals are mplementary. Both have been advanced by the basic philosophy of the Agricultural Act of . They must be further advanced by Congressional action this year. The Agricultural Act of expires with the crop. We now face the fundamental challenge of developing legislation appropriate to the enomy of the 'S. Over the next several months, the future direction of the farm program must he discussed, debated and written into law. The outme of this process will be crucial not only to farmers and ranchers, but to nsumers and taxpayers as well. My Administration's fundamental approach to farm policy is to build on the forward urse set by the Act. These principles should guide us in enacting new farm legislation: --Farmers must be provided with greater freedom to make production and marketing decisions. I have never known anyone in Washington who knows better than a farmer what is in his own best interest. --Government influence in the farm mmodity marketplace must be reduced. Old fashioned Federal intrusion is as inappropriate to today's farm enomy as the old McCormick reaper would be on a highly sophisticated modern farm. --We must allow farmers the opportunity to produce for expanding domestic demands and to ntinue our vigorous mpetition in export markets. We will not acmplish that goal by telling the farmer how much he can grow or the rancher how much livestock he can raise. Fidelity to this principle will have the welme effect of enuraging both fair food prices for nsumers and growing inme from the marketplace for farmers. --We must reduce the farmer's dependence on Government payments through increased returns from sales of farm products at home and abroad. Because some of our current methods of handling farm problems are outmoded, the farmer has been unfairly saddled with the unflattering image of drinking primarily at the Federal well. Let us remember that more than percent of gross farm inme mes directly through the marketplace. Farmers and ranchers are strong and independent businessmen; we should expand their opportunity to exercise their strength and independence. --Finally, we need a program that will put the United States in a good posture for forthming trade negotiations. In pursuing all of these goals, we will work closely through the Secretary of Agriculture with the Senate Committee on Agriculture and Forestry and the House Committee on Agriculture to formulate and enact new legislation in areas where it is needed. I believe, for example, that dairy support systems, wheat, feed grains and tton allotments and bases--some established decades ago---are drastically outdated. They tend to be discriminatory for many farm operators. It would be desirable to establish, after a reasonable transition period, a more equitable basis for production adjustment in the agricultural enomy should such adjustment be needed in the years ahead. Direct Federal payments should, at the end of the transition period, be limited to the amounts necessary to mpensate farmers for withholding unneeded land from crop production. As new farm legislation is debated in the months ahead, I hope the Congress will address this important subject with a deep appreciation of the need to keep the Government off the farm as well as keeping the farmer on. PROTECTING, OUR NATURAL HERITAGE An important measure of our true mmitment to environmental quality is our dedication to protecting the wilderness and its inhabitants. We must regnize their elogical significance and preserve them as sources of inspiration and education. And we need them as places of quiet refuge and reflection. Important progress has been made in recent years, but still further action is needed in the Congress. Specifically, I will ask the rd Congress to direct its attention to the following areas of ncern: --Endangered Species. The limited spe of existing laws requires new authority to identify and protect endangered species before they are so depleted that it is too late. New legislation must also make the taking of an endangered animal a Federal offense. --Predator Control. The widespread use of highly toxic poisons to kill yotes and other predatory animals has spread persistent poisons to range and forest lands without adequate foresight of environmental effects. I believe Federal assistance is now required so that we can find better means of ntrolling predators without endangering other wildlife. "--Wilderness Areas. Historically, Americans have always looked westward to enjoy wilderness areas. Today we realize that we must also preserve the remaining areas of wilderness in the East, if the majority of our people are to have the full benefit of our natural glories. Therefore I will ask the Congress to amend the legislation that established the Wilderness Preservation System so that more of our Eastern lands can be included.   --Wild and Scenic Rivers. New legislation is also needed to ntinue our expansion of the national system of wild and scenic rivers. Funding authorization must be increased by million to mplete acquisitions in seven areas, and we must extend the moratorium on Federal licensing for water resource projects on those rivers being nsidered for inclusion in the system." --Big Cypress National Fresh Water Preserve. It is our great hope that we can create a reserve of Florida's Big Cypress Swamp in order to protect the outstanding wildlife in that area, preserve the water supply of Everglades National Park and provide the Nation with an outstanding recreation area. Prompt passage of Federal legislation would allow the Interior Department to forestall private or mmercial development and inflationary pressures that will build if we delay. --Protecting Marine Fisheries. Current regulation of fisheries off U.S. asts is inadequate to nserve and manage these resources. Legislation is needed to authorize U.S. regulation of foreign fishing off U.S. asts to the fullest extent authorized by international agreements. In addition, domestic fishing should be regulated in the U.S. fisheries zone and in the high seas beyond that zone. --World Heritage Trust. The United States has endorsed an international nvention for a World Heritage Trust embodying our proposals to acrd special regnition and protection to areas of the world which are of such unique natural, historical, or cultural value that they are a part of the heritage of all mankind. I am hopeful that this nvention will be ratified early in . --Weather Modification. Our capacity to affect the weather has grown nsiderably in sophistication and predictability, but with this advancement has also me a new potential for endangering lives and property and causing adverse environmental effects. With additional Federal regulations, I believe that we can minimize these dangers. MEETING OUR ENERGY NEEDS One of the highest priorities of my Administration during the ming year will be a ncern for energy supplies--a ncern undersred this winter by occasional fuel shortages. We must face up to a stark fact in America: we are now nsuming more energy than we produce. A year and a half ago I sent to the Congress the first Presidential message ever devoted to the energy question. I shall soon submit a new and far more mprehensive energy message ntaining wide-ranging initiatives to ensure necessary supplies of energy at acceptable enomic and environmental sts. In the meantime, to help meet immediate needs, I have temporarily suspended import quotas on home heating oil east of the Rocky Mountains. As we work to expand our supplies of energy, we should also regnize that we must balance those efforts with our ncern to preserve our environment. In the past, as we have sought new energy sources, we have too often damaged or despoiled our land. Actions to avoid such damage will probably aggravate our energy problems to some extent and may lead to higher prices. But all development and use of energy sources carry environmental risks, and we must find ways to minimize those risks while also providing adequate supplies of energy. I am fully nfident that we can satisfy both of these imperatives. GOING FORWARD IN CONFIDENCE The environmental awakening of recent years has triggered substantial progress in the fight to preserve and renew the great legacies of nature. Unfortunately, it has also triggered a certain tendency to despair. Some people have moved from mplacency to the opposite extreme of alarmism, suggesting that our pollution problems were hopeless and predicting impending elogical disaster. Some have suggested that we uld never rencile environmental protection with ntinued enomic growth. I reject this doomsday mentality--and I hope the Congress will also reject it. I believe that we can meet our environmental challenges without turning our back on progress. What we must do is to stop the hand-wringing, roll up our sleeves and get on with the job. The advocates of defeatism warn us of all that is wrong. But I believe they underestimate this Nation's genius for responsive adaptability and its enormous reservoir of spirit. I believe there is always a sensible middle ground between the Cassandras and the Pollyannas. We must take our stand upon that ground. I have profound respect for the enormous challenge ahead, but I have even stronger respect for the capacity and character of the American people. Many of us have heard the adage that the last letters of the word, American," say I can." I am nfident that we can, and we will, meet our natural resource challenges. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   February , ." To the Congress of the United States: The traditional form of the President's annual report giving to the Congress Information of the State of the Union" is a single message or address. As the affairs and ncerns of our Union have multiplied over the years, however, so too have the subjects that require discussion in State of the Union Messages. This year in particular, with so many changes in Government programs under nsideration--and with our very philosophy about the relationship between the individual and the State at an historic crossroads--a single, all-embracing State of the Union Message would not appear to be adequate. I have therefore decided to present my State of the Union report in the form of a series of messages during these early weeks of the rd Congress. The purpose of this first message in the series is to give a ncise overview of where we stand as a people today, and to outline some of the general goals that I believe we should pursue over the next year and beyond. In ming weeks, I will send to the Congress further State of the Union reports on specific areas of policy including enomic affairs, natural resources, human resources, mmunity development and foreign and defense policy. The new urse these messages will outline represents a fresh approach to Government: an approach that addresses the realities of the s, not those of the s or of the s. The role of the Federal Government as we approach our third century of independence should not be to dominate any facet of American life, but rather to aid and enurage people, mmunities and institutions to deal with as many of the difficulties and challenges facing them as possible, and to help see to it that every American has a full and equal opportunity to realize his or her potential. If we were to ntinue to expand the Federal Government at the rate of the past several decades, it soon would nsume us entirely. The time has me when we must make clear choices--choices between old programs that set worthy goals but failed to reach them and new programs that provide a better way to realize those goals; and choices, too, between mpeting programs--all of which may be desirable in themselves but only some of which we can afford with the finite resources at our mmand. Because our resources are not infinite, we also face a critical choice in between holding the line in Government spending and adopting expensive programs which will surely force up taxes and refuel inflation. Finally, it is vital at this time that we restore a greater sense of responsibility at the State and local level, and among individual Americans. WHERE WE STAND The basic state of our Union today is sound, and full of promise. We enter enomically strong, militarily secure and, most important of all, at peace after a long and trying war. America ntinues to provide a better and more abundant life for more of its people than any other nation in the world. We have passed through one of the most difficult periods in our history without surrendering to despair and without dishonoring our ideals as a people. Looking back, there is a lesson in all this for all of us. The lesson is one that we sometimes had to learn the hard way over the past few years. But we did learn it. That lesson is that even potentially destructive forces can be nverted into positive forces when we know how to channel them, and when we use mmon sense and mmon decency to create a climate of mutual respect and goodwill. By working together and harnessing the forces of nature, Americans have unlocked some of the great mysteries of the universe. Men have walked the surface of the moon and soared to new heights of disvery. This same spirit of disvery is helping us to nquer disease and suffering that have plagued our own planet since the dawn of time. By working together with the leaders of other nations, we have been able to build a new hope for lasting peace--for a structure of world order in which mmon interest outweighs old animosities, and in which a new generation of the human family can grow up at peace in a changing world. At home, we have learned that by working together we can create prosperity without fanning inflation; we can restore order without weakening freedom. THE CHALLENGES WE FACE These first years of the s have been good years for America. Our job--all of us together--is to make and the years to me even better ones. I believe that we can. I believe that we can make the years leading to our Bicentennial the best four years in American history. But we must never forget that nothing worthwhile can be achieved without the will to succeed and the strength to sacrifice. Hard decisions must be made, and we must stick by them. In the field of foreign policy, we must remember that a strong America--an America whose word is believed and whose strength is respected--is essential to ntinued peace and understanding in the world. The peace with honor we have achieved in Vietnam has strengthened this basic American credibility. We must act in such a way in ming years that this credibility will remain intact, and with it, the world stability of which it is so indispensable a part. At home, we must reject the mistaken notion--a notion that has dominated too much of the public dialogue for too long--that ever bigger Government is the answer to every problem. We have learned only too well that heavy taxation and excessive Government spending are not a cure-all. In too many cases, instead of solving the problems they were aimed at, they have merely placed an ever heavier burden On the shoulders of the American taxpayer, in the form of higher taxes and a higher st of living. At the same time they have deceived our people because many of the intended beneficiaries received far less than was promised, thus undermining public faith in the effectiveness of Government as a whole. The time has me for us to draw the line. The time has me for the responsible leaders of both political parties to take a stand against overgrown Government and for the American taxpayer. We are not spending the Federal Government's money, we are spending the taxpayer's money, and it must be spent in a way which guarantees his money's worth and yields the fullest possible benefit to the people being helped. The answer to many of the domestic problems we face is not higher taxes and more spending. It is less waste, more results and greater freedom for the individual American to earn a rightful place in his own mmunity--and for States and localities to address their own needs in their own ways, in the light of their own priorities. By giving the people and their locally elected leaders a greater voice through changes such as revenue sharing, and by saying no" to excessive Federal spending and higher taxes, we can help achieve this goal. COMING MESSAGES The policies which I will outline to the Congress in the weeks ahead represent a reaffirmation, not an abdication, of Federal responsibility. They represent a pragmatic rededication to social mpassion and national excellence, in place of the mbination of good intentions and fuzzy follow-through which too often in the past was thought sufficient. In the field of enomic affairs, our objectives will be to hold down taxes, to ntinue ntrolling inflation, to promote enomic growth, to increase productivity, to enurage foreign trade, to keep farm inme high, to bolster small business, and to promote better labor-management relations: In the area of natural resources, my remmendations will include programs to preserve and enhance the environment, to advance science and technology, and to assure balanced use of our irreplaceable natural resources. In developing human resources, I will have remmendations to advance the Nation's health and education, to improve nditions of people in need, to carry forward our increasingly successful attacks on crime, drug abuse and injustice, and to deal with such important areas of special ncern as nsumer affairs. We will ntinue and improve our Nation's efforts to assist those who have served in the Armed Services in Vietnam through better job and training opportunities. We must do a better job in mmunity development--in creating more livable mmunities, in which all of our children can grow up with fuller access to opportunity and greater immunity to the social evils and blights which now plague so many of our towns and cities. I shall have proposals to help us achieve this. I shall also deal with our defense and foreign policies, and with our new approaches to the role and structure of Government itself. Considered as a whole, this series of messages will be a blueprint for modernizing the ncept and the functions of American Government to meet the needs of our people. Converting it into reality will require a spirit of operation and shared mmitment on the part of all branches of the Government, for the goals we seek are not those of any single party or faction, they are goals for the betterment of all Americans. As President, I regnize that I cannot do this job alone. The Congress must help, and I pledge to do my part to achieve a nstructive working relationship with the Congress. My sincere hope is that the executive and legislative branches can work together in this great undertaking in a positive spirit of mutual respect and operation. Working together--the Congress, the President and the people--I am nfident that we can translate these proposals into an action program that can reform and revitalize American Government and, even more important, build a better life for all Americans. "RICHARD NIXON   The White House,   February , ." Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, my lleagues in the Congress, our distinguished guests, my fellow Americans: Twenty-five years ago I sat here as a freshman Congressman--along with Speaker Albert--and listened for the first time to the President address the State of the Union. I shall never forget that moment. The Senate, the diplomatic rps, the Supreme Court, the Cabinet entered the Chamber, and then the President of the United States. As all of you are aware, I had some differences with President Truman. He had some with me. But I remember that on that day--the day he addressed that joint session of the newly elected Republican th Congress, he spoke not as a partisan, but as President of all the people-calling upon the Congress to put aside partisan nsiderations in the national interest. The Greek-Turkish aid program, the Marshall Plan, the great foreign policy initiatives which have been responsible for avoiding a world war for over years were approved by the th Congress, by a bipartisan majority of which I was proud to be a part. Nineteen hundred seventy-two is now before us. It holds precious time in which to acmplish good for the Nation. We must not waste it. I know the political pressures in this session of the Congress will be great. There are more candidates for the Presidency in this Chamber today than there probably have been at any one time in the whole history of the Republic. And there is an honest difference of opinion, not only between the parties, but within each party, on some foreign policy issues and on some domestic policy issues. However, there are great national problems that are so vital that they transcend partisanship. So let us have our debates. Let us have our honest differences. But let us join in keeping the national interest first. Let us join in making sure that legislation the Nation needs does not beme hostage to the political interests of any party or any person. "There is ample precedent, in this election year, for me to present you with a huge list of new proposals, knowing full well that there would not be any possibility of your passing them if you worked night and day.   I shall not do that." I have presented to the leaders of the Congress today a message of , words discussing in some detail where the Nation stands and setting forth specific legislative items on which I have asked the Congress to act. Much of this is legislation which I proposed in , in , and also in the first session of this d Congress and on which I feel it is essential that action be mpleted this year. I am not presenting proposals which have attractive labels but no hope of passage. I am presenting only vital programs which are within the capacity of this Congress to enact, within the capacity of the budget to finance, and which I believe should be above partisanship--programs which deal with urgent priorities for the Nation, which should and must be the subject of bipartisan action by this Congress in the interests of the untry in . When I took the oath of office on the steps of this building just years ago today, the Nation was ending one of the most tortured decades in its history. The 's were a time of great progress in many areas. But as we all know, they were also times of great agony--the agonies of war, of inflation, of rapidly rising crime, of deteriorating titles, of hopes raised and disappointed, and of anger and frustration that led finally to violence and to the worst civil disorder in a century. "I recall these troubles not to point any fingers of blame. The Nation was so torn in those final years of the sixties that many in both parties questioned whether America uld be governed at all.   The Nation has made significant progress in these first years of the seventies:   Our cities are no longer engulfed by civil disorders.   Our lleges and universities have again beme places of learning instead of battlegrounds.   A beginning has been made in preserving and protecting our environment." The rate of increase in crime has been slowed--and here in the District of Columbia, the one city where the Federal Government has direct jurisdiction, serious crime in was actually reduced by percent from the year before. Most important, because of the beginnings that have been made, we can say today that this year can be the year in which America may make the greatest progress in years toward achieving our goal of being at peace with all the nations of the world. As our involvement in the war in Vietnam mes to an end, we must now go on to build a generation of peace. To achieve that goal, we must first face realistically the need to maintain our defense. In the past years, we have reduced the burden of arms. For the first time in years, spending on defense has been brought below spending on human resources. As we look to the future, we find enuraging progress in our negotiations with the Soviet Union on limitation of strategic arms. And looking further into the future, we hope there can eventually be agreement on the mutual reduction of arms. But until there is such a mutual agreement, we must maintain the strength necessary to deter war. And that is why, because of rising research and development sts, because of increases in military and civilian pay, because of the need to proceed with new weapons systems, my budget for the ming fiscal year will provide for an increase in defense spending. Strong military defenses are not the enemy of peace; they are the guardians of peace. There uld be no more misguided set of priorities than one which would tempt others by weakening America, and thereby endanger the peace of the world. In our foreign policy, we have entered a new era. The world has changed greatly in the years since President John Kennedy said in his Inaugural Address, ... we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty." Our policy has been carefully and deliberately adjusted to meet the new realities of the new world we live in. We make today only those mmitments we are able and prepared to meet. "Our mmitment to freedom remains strong and unshakable. But others must bear their share of the burden of defending freedom around the world.   And so this, then, is our policy:   --We will maintain a nuclear deterrent adequate to meet any threat to the security of the United States or of our allies.   --We will help other nations develop the capability of defending themselves.   --We will faithfully honor all of our treaty mmitments.   --We will act to defend our interests, whenever and wherever they are threatened anyplace in the world.   --But where our interests or our treaty mmitments are not involved, our role will be limited.   --We will not intervene militarily.   --But we will use our influence to prevent war.   --If war mes, we will use our influence to stop it.   --Once it is over, we will do our share in helping to bind up the wounds of those who have participated in it." As you know, I will soon be visiting the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union. I go there with no illusions. We have great differences with both powers. We shall ntinue to have great differences. But peace depends on the ability of great powers to live together on the same planet despite their differences. We would not be true to our obligation to generations yet unborn if we failed to seize this moment to do everything in our power to insure that we will be able to talk about those differences, rather than to fight about them, in the future. As we look back over this century, let us, in the highest spirit of bipartisanship, regnize that we can be proud of our Nation's rerd in foreign affairs. America has given more generously of itself toward maintaining freedom, preserving peace, alleviating human suffering around the globe, than any nation has ever done in the history of man. We have fought four wars in this century, but our power has never been used to break the peace, only to keep it; never been used to destroy freedom, only to defend it. We now have within our reach the goal of insuring that the next generation can be the first generation in this century to be spared the surges of war. Turning to our problems at home, we are making progress toward our goal of a new prosperity without war. Industrial production, nsumer spending, retail sales, personal inme all have been rising. Total employment, real inme are the highest in history. New home building starts this past year reached the highest level ever. Business and nsumer nfidence have both been rising. Interest rates are down. The rate of inflation is down. We can look with nfidence to as the year when the back of inflation will be broken. Now, this a good rerd, but it is not good enough--not when we still have an unemployment rate of percent. It is not enough to point out that this was the rate of the early peacetime years of the sixties, or that if the more than million men released from the Armed Forces and defense-related industries were still in their wartime jobs, unemployment would be far lower. Our goal in this untry is full employment in peacetime. We intend to meet that goal, and we can. The Congress has helped to meet that goal by passing our job-creating tax program last month. The historic monetary agreements, agreements that we have reached with the major European nations, Canada, and Japan, will help meet it by providing new markets for American products, new jobs for American workers. Our budget will help meet it by being expansionary without being inflationary-a job-producing budget that will help take up the gap as the enomy expands to full employment. Our program to raise farm inme will help meet it by helping to revitalize rural America, by giving to America's farmers their fair share of America's increasing productivity. We also will help meet our goal of full employment in peacetime with a set of major initiatives to stimulate more imaginative use of America's great capacity for technological advance, and to direct it toward improving the quality of life for every American. In reaching the moon, we demonstrated what miracles American technology is capable of achieving. Now the time has me to move more deliberately toward making full use of that technology here on earth, of harnessing the wonders of science to the service of man. I shall soon send to the Congress a special message proposing a new program of Federal partnership in technological research and development--with Federal incentives to increase private research, federally supported research on projects designed to improve our everyday lives in ways that will range from improving mass transit to developing new systems of emergency health care that uld save thousands of lives annually. Historically, our superior technology, and high productivity have made it possible for American workers to be the highest paid in the world by far, and yet for our goods still to mpete in world markets. Now we face a new situation. As other nations move rapidly forward in technology, the answer to the new mpetition is not to build a wall around America, but rather to remain mpetitive by improving our own technology still further and by increasing productivity in American industry. Our new monetary and trade agreements will make it possible for American goods to mpete fairly in the world's markets--but they still must mpete. The new technology program will put to use the skills of many highly trained Americans, skills that might otherwise be wasted. It will also meet the growing technological challenge from abroad, and it will thus help to create new industries, as well as creating more jobs for America's workers in producing for the world's markets. This send session of the d Congress already has before it more than major Administration proposals which still await action. I have discussed these in the extensive written message that I have presented to the Congress today. They include, among others, our programs to improve life for the aging; to mbat crime and drug abuse; to improve health services and to ensure that no one will be denied needed health care because of inability to pay; to protect workers' pension rights; to promote equal opportunity for members of minorities, and others who have been left behind; to expand nsumer protection; to improve the environment; to revitalize rural America; to help the cities; to launch new initiatives in education; to improve transportation, and to put an end to stly labor tie-ups in transportation. The west ast dock strike is a case in point. This Nation cannot and will not tolerate that kind of irresponsible labor tie-up in the future. The messages also include basic reforms which are essential if our structure of government is to be adequate in the decades ahead. They include reform of our wasteful and outmoded welfare system--substitution of a new system that provides work requirements and work incentives for those who can help themselves, inme support for those who cannot help themselves, and fairness to the working poor. They include a billion program of Federal revenue sharing with the States and localities as an investment in their renewal, an investment also of faith in the American people. They also include a sweeping reorganization of the executive branch of the Federal Government so that it will be more efficient, more responsive, and able to meet the challenges of the decades ahead. One year ago, standing in this place, I laid before the opening session of this Congress six great goals. One of these was welfare reform. That proposal has been before the Congress now for nearly / years. My proposals on revenue sharing, government reorganization, health care, and the environment have now been before the Congress for nearly a year. Many of the other major proposals that I have referred to have been here that long or longer. Now, , we can say, was a year of nsideration of these measures. Now let us join in making a year of action on them, action by the Congress, for the Nation and for the people of America. Now, in addition, there is one pressing need which I have not previously vered, but which must be placed on the national agenda. We long have looked in this Nation to the local property tax as the main source of financing for public primary and sendary education. As a result, soaring school sts, soaring property tax rates now threaten both our mmunities and our schools. They threaten mmunities because property taxes, which more than doubled in the years from to , have beme one of the most oppressive and discriminatory of all taxes, hitting most cruelly at the elderly and the retired; and they threaten schools, as hard-pressed voters understandably reject new bond issues at the polls. The problem has been given even greater urgency by four recent urt decisions, which have held that the nventional method of financing schools through local property taxes is discriminatory and unnstitutional. Nearly years ago, I named a special Presidential mmission to study the problems of school finance, and I also directed the Federal departments to look into the same problems. We are developing mprehensive proposals to meet these problems. This issue involves two mplex and interrelated sets of problems: support of the schools and the basic relationships of Federal, State, and local governments in any tax reforms. Under the leadership of the Secretary of the Treasury, we are carefully reviewing all of the tax aspects, and I have this week enlisted the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations in addressing the intergovernmental relations aspects. I have asked this bipartisan Commission to review our proposals for Federal action to pe with the gathering crisis of school finance and property taxes. Later in the year, when both Commissions have mpleted their studies, I shall make my final remmendations for relieving the burden of property taxes and providing both fair and adequate financing for our children's education. These remmendations will be revolutionary. But all these remmendations, however, will be rooted in one fundamental principle with which there can be no mpromise: Local school boards must have ntrol over local schools. As we look ahead over the ming decades, vast new growth and change are not only certainties, they will be the dominant reality of this world, and particularly of our life in America. Surveying the certainty of rapid change, we can be like a fallen rider caught in the stirrups-- r we can sit high in the saddle, the masters of change, directing it on a urse we choose. The secret of mastering change in today's world is to reach back to old and proven principles, and to adapt them with imagination and intelligence to the new realities of a new age. That is what we have done in the proposals that I have laid before the Congress. They are rooted in basic principles that are as enduring as human nature, as robust as the American experience; and they are responsive to new nditions. Thus they represent a spirit of change that is truly renewal. "As we look back at those old principles, we find them as timely as they are timeless.   We believe in independence, and self-reliance, and the creative value of the mpetitive spirit." We believe in full and equal opportunity for all Americans and in the protection of individual rights and liberties. We believe in the family as the keystone of the mmunity, and in the mmunity as the keystone of the Nation. We believe in mpassion toward those in need. We believe in a system of law, justice, and order as the basis of a genuinely free society. We believe that a person should get what he works for--and that those who can, should work for what they get. We believe in the capacity of people to make their own decisions in their own lives, in their own mmunities--and we believe in their right to make those decisions. In applying these principles, we have done so with the full understanding that what we seek in the seventies, what our quest is, is not merely for more, but for better for a better quality of life for all Americans. Thus, for example, we are giving a new measure of attention to cleaning up our air and water, making our surroundings more attractive. We are providing broader support for the arts, helping stimulate a deeper appreciation of what they can ntribute to the Nation's activities and to our individual lives. But nothing really matters more to the quality of our lives than the way we treat one another, than our capacity to live respectfully together as a unified society, with a full, generous regard for the rights of others and also for the feelings of others. As we rever from the turmoil and violence of recent years, as we learn once again to speak with one another instead of shouting at one another, we are regaining that capacity. As is customary here, on this occasion, I have been talking about programs. Programs are important. But even more important than programs is what we are as a Nation--what we mean as a Nation, to ourselves and to the world. In New York Harbor stands one of the most famous statues in the world--the Statue of Liberty, the gift in of the people of France to the people of the United States. This statue is more than a landmark; it is a symbol--a symbol of what America has meant to the world. It reminds us that what America has meant is not its wealth, and not its power, but its spirit and purpose--a land that enshrines liberty and opportunity, and that has held out a hand of welme to millions in search of a better and a fuller and, above all, a freer life. The world's hopes poured into America, along with its people. And those hopes, those dreams, that have been brought here from every rner of the world, have beme a part of the hope that we now hold out to the world. Four years from now, America will celebrate the th anniversary of its founding as a Nation. There are those who say that the old Spirit of is dead---that we no longer have the strength of character, the idealism, the faith in our founding purposes that that spirit represents. Those who say this do not know America. We have been undergoing self-doubts and self-criticism. But these are only the other side of our growing sensitivity to the persistence of want in the midst of plenty, of our impatience with the slowness with which age-old ills are being overme. If we were indifferent to the shortmings of our society, or mplacent about our institutions, or blind to the lingering inequities--then we would have lost our way. But the fact that we have those ncerns is evidence that our ideals, deep down, are still strong. Indeed, they remind us that what is really best about America is its mpassion. They remind us that in the final analysis, America is great not because it is strong, not because it is rich, but because this is a good untry. Let us reject the narrow visions of those who would tell us that we are evil because we are not yet perfect, that we are rrupt because we are not yet pure, that all the sweat and toil and sacrifice that have gone into the building of America were for naught because the building is not yet done. Let us see that the path we are traveling is wide, with room in it for all of us, and that its direction is toward a better Nation and a more peaceful world. Never has it mattered more that we go forward together. Look at this Chamber. The leadership of America is here today--the Supreme Court, the Cabinet, the Senate, the House of Representatives. Together, we hold the future of the Nation, and the nscience of the Nation in our hands. Because this year is an election year, it will be a time of great pressure. If we yield to that pressure and fail to deal seriously with the historic challenges that we face, we will have failed the trust of millions of Americans and shaken the nfidence they have a right to place in us, in their Government. Never has a Congress had a greater opportunity to leave a legacy of a profound and nstructive reform for the Nation than this Congress. If we succeed in these tasks, there will be credit enough for all--not only for doing what is right, but doing it in the right way, by rising above partisan interest to serve the national interest. And if we fail, more than any one of us, America will be the loser. That is why my call upon the Congress today is for a high statesmanship, so that in the years to me Americans will look back and say because it withstood the intense pressures of a political year, and achieved such great good for the American people and for the future of this Nation, this was truly a great Congress. To the Congress of the United States: It was just years ago today that I took the oath of office as President. I opened my address that day by suggesting that some moments in history stand out as moments of beginning," when urses are set that shape decades or centuries." I went on to say that this can be such a moment." Looking back years later, I would suggest that it was such a moment--a time in which new urses were set on which we now are traveling. Just how profoundly these new urses will shape our decade or our century is still an unanswered question, however, as we enter the fourth year of this administration. For moments of beginning will mean very little in history unless we also have the determination to follow up on those beginnings. Setting the urse is not enough. Staying the urse is an equally important challenge. Good government involves both the responsibility for making fresh starts and the responsibility for perseverance. The responsibility for perseverance is one that is shared by the President, the public, and the Congress. --We have me a long way, for example, on the road to ending the Vietnam war and to improving relations with our adversaries. But these initiatives will depend for their lasting meaning on our persistence in seeing them through. --The magnificent operation of the American people has enabled us to make substantial progress in curbing inflation and in reinvigorating our enomy. But the new prosperity we seek can be mpleted only if the public ntinues in its mmitment to enomic responsibility and discipline. --Enuraging new starts have also been made over the last years in treating our domestic ills. But ntinued progress now requires the Congress to act on its large and growing backlog of pending legislation. America's agenda for action is already well established as we enter . It will grow in the weeks ahead as we present still more initiatives. But we dare not let the emergence of new business obscure the urgency of old business. Our new agenda will be little more than an empty gesture if we abandon--or even de-emphasize-that part of the old agenda which is yet unfinished. GETTING OURSELVES TOGETHER One measure of the Nation's progress in these first years of the seventies is the improvement in our national morale. While the 'S were a time of great acmplishment, they were also a time of growing nfusion. Our revery from that ndition is not mplete, but we have made a strong beginning. Then we were a shaken and uncertain people, but now we are revering our nfidence. Then we were divided and suspicious, but now we are renewing our sense of mmon purpose. Then we were surrounded by shouting and posturing, but we have been learning once again to lower our voices. And we have also been learning to listen. A history of the 's was recently published under the title, Coming Apart. But today we can say with nfidence that we are ming apart no longer. The center" of American life has held, and once again we are getting ourselves together. THE SPIRIT OF REASON AND REALISM Under the pressures of an election year, it would be easy to look upon the legislative program merely as a political device and not as a serious agenda. We must resist this temptation. The year ahead of us holds precious time in which to acmplish good for this Nation and we must not, we dare not, waste it. Our progress depends on a ntinuing spirit of partnership between the President and the Congress, between the House and the Senate, between Republicans and Democrats. That spirit does not require us always to agree with one another but it does require us to approach our tasks, together, in a spirit of reason and realism. Clear words are the great servant of reason. Intemperate words are the great enemy of reason. The cute slogan, the glib headline, the clever retort, the appeal to passion--these are not the way to truth or to good public policy. To be dedicated to clear thinking, to place the interests of all above the interests of the few, to hold to ultimate values and to curb momentary passions, to think more about the next generation and less about the next election--these are now our special challenges. ENDING THE WAR The ndition of a nation's spirit cannot be measured with precision, but some of the factors which influence that spirit can. I believe the most dramatic single measurement of the distance we have traveled in the last months is found in the statistics ncerning our involvement in the war in Vietnam. On January , our authorized troop ceiling in Vietnam was ,. And there was no withdrawal plan to bring these men home. On seven occasions since that time, I have announced withdrawal decisions--involving a total of , troops. As a result, our troop ceiling will be only , by May . This means that in years we will have cut our troop strength in Vietnam by percent. As we proceed toward our goal of a South Vietnam fully able to defend itself, we will reduce that level still further. In this same period, expenditures nnected with the war have been cut drastically. There has been a drop of well over percent in American air activity in all of Southeast Asia. Our ground mbat role has been ended. Most importantly, there has been a reduction of percent in mbat deaths. Our aim is to cut the death and casualty toll by percent, to obtain the release of those who are prisoners of war, and to end the fighting altogether. It is my hope that we can end this tragic nflict through negotiation. If we cannot, then we will end it through Vietnamization. But end it we shall in a way which fulfills our mmitment to the people of South Vietnam and which gives them the chance for which they have already sacrificed so much--the chance to choose their own future. THE LESSONS OF CHANGE The American people have learned many lessons in the wake of Vietnam-some helpful and some dangerous. One important lesson is that we can best serve our own interests in the world by setting realistic limits on what we try to acmplish unilaterally. For the peace of the world will be more secure, and its progress more rapid, as more nations me to share more fully in the responsibilities for peace and for progress. At the same time, to nclude that the United States should now withdraw from all or most of its international responsibilities would be to make a dangerous error. There has been a tendency among some to swing from one extreme to the other in the wake of Vietnam, from wanting to do too much in the world to wanting to do too little. We must resist this temptation to over-react. We must stop the swinging pendulum before it moves to an opposite position, and forge instead an attitude toward the world which is balanced and sensible and realistic. America has an important role to play in international affairs, a great influence to exert for good. As we have throughout this century, we must ntinue our profound ncern for advancing peace and freedom, by the most effective means possible, even as we shift somewhat our view of what means are most effective. This is our policy: "--We will maintain a nuclear deterrent adequate to meet any threat to the security of the United States or of our allies.   --We will help other nations develop the capability of defending themselves.   --We will faithfully honor all of our treaty mmitments.   --We will act to defend our interests whenever and wherever they are threatened any place in the world.   --But where our interests or our treaty mmitments are not involved our role will be limited.   --We will not intervene militarily.   --But we will use our influence to prevent war.   --If war mes we will use our influence to try to stop it.   --Once war is over we will do our share in helping to bind up the wounds of those who have participated in it." OPENING NEW LINES OF COMMUNICATION Even as we seek to deal more realistically with our partners, so we must also deal more realistically with those who have been our adversaries. In the last year we have made a number of notable advances toward this goal. In our dealings with the Soviet Union, for example, we have been able, together with our allies, to reach an historic agreement ncerning Berlin. We have advanced the prospects for limiting strategic armaments. We have moved toward greater operation in space research and toward improving our enomic relationships. There have been disappointments such as South Asia and uncertainties such as the Middle East. But there has also been progress we can build on. It is to build on the progress of the past and to lay the foundations for greater progress in the future that I will soon be visiting the capitals of both the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union. These visits will help to fulfill the promise I made in my Inaugural address when I said that during this administration our lines of mmunication will be open," so that we can help create an open world-open to ideas, open to the exchange of goods and people, a world in which no people, great or small, will live in angry isolation." It is in this spirit that I will undertake these journeys. We must also be realistic, however, about the spe of our differences with these governments. My visits will mean. not that our differences have disappeared or will disappear in the near future. But peace depends on the ability of great powers to live together on the same planet despite their differences. The important thing is that we talk about these differences rather than fight about them. It would be a serious mistake to say that nothing can me of our expanded mmunications with Peking and Mosw. But it would also be a mistake to expect too much too quickly. It would also be wrong to focus so much attention on these new opportunities that we neglect our old friends. That is why I have met in the last few weeks with the leaders of two of our hemisphere neighbors, Canada and Brazil, with the leaders of three great European nations, and with the Prime Minister of Japan. I believe these meetings were extremely successful in cementing our understandings with these governments as we move forward together in a fast changing period. Our nsultations with our allies may not receive as much attention as our talks with potential adversaries. But this makes them no less important. The rnerstone of our foreign policy remains--and will remain--our close bonds with our friends around the world. A STRONG DEFENSE: THE GUARDIAN OF PEACE There are two additional elements which are critical to our efforts to strengthen the structure of peace. The first of these is the military strength of the United States. In the last years we have been moving from a wartime to a peacetime footing, from a period of ntinued nfrontation and arms mpetition to a period of negotiation and potential arms limitation, from a period when America often acted as policeman for the world to a period when other nations are assuming greater responsibility for their own defense. I was recently enuraged, for example, by the decision of our European allies to increase their share of the NATO defense budget by some billion. As a part of this process, we have ended the production of chemical and biological weaponry and have nverted two of our largest facilities for such production to humanitarian research. We have been able to reduce and in some periods even to eliminate draft calls. In , draft calls--which were as high as , at the peak of the Vietnam war--fell below ,, the lowest level since . In the ming year they will be significantly lower. I am nfident that by the middle of next year we can achieve our goal of reducing draft calls to zero. As a result of all these developments, our defense spending has fallen to percent of our gross national product in the current fiscal year, mpared with . percent in and . percent in . That figure will be down to . percent in fiscal year . Without sacrificing any of our security interests, we have been able to bring defense spending below the level of human resource spending for the first time in years. This ndition is maintained in my new budget--which also, for the first time, allocates more money to the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare than to the Department of Defense. But just as we avoid extreme reactions in our political attitudes toward the world, so we must avoid over-reacting as we plan for our defense. We have reversed spending priorities, but we have never mpromised our national security. And we never will. For any step which weakens America's defenses will also weaken the prospects for peace. Our plans for the next year call for an increase in defense spending. That increase is made necessary in part by rising research and development sts, in part by military pay increases--which, in turn, will help us eliminate the draft--and in part by the need to proceed with new weapon systems to maintain our security at an adequate level. Even as we seek with the greatest urgency stable ntrols on armaments, we cannot ignore the fact that others are going forward with major increases in their own arms programs. In the year ahead we will be working to improve and protect, to diversify and disperse our strategic forces in ways which make them even less vulnerable to attack and more effective in deterring war. I will request a substantial budget increase to preserve the sufficiency of our strategic nuclear deterrent, including an allocation of over million to improve our seabased deterrent force. I recently directed the Department of Defense to develop a program to build additional missile launching submarines, carrying a new and far more effective missile. We will also proceed with programs to reoutfit our Polaris submarines with the Poseidon missile system, to replace older land-based missiles with Minuteman III, and to deploy the SAFEGUARD Antiballistic Missile System. At the same time, we must move to maintain our strength at sea. The Navy's budget was increased by billion in the current fiscal year, and I will ask for a similar increase next year, with particular emphasis on our shipbuilding programs. Our military research and development program must also be stepped up. Our budget in this area was increased by million in the current fiscal year and I will remmend a further increase for next year of million. I will also propose a substantial program to develop and procure more effective weapons systems for our land and tactical air forces, and to improve the National Guard and Reserves, providing more modern weapons and better training. In addition, we will expand our strong program to attract volunteer career soldiers so that we can phase out the draft. With the operation of the Congress, we have been able to double the basic pay of first time enlistees. Further substantial military pay increases are planned. I will also submit to the Congress an overall reform of our military retirement and survivor benefit programs, raising the level of protection for military families. In addition, we will expand efforts to improve race relations, to equalize promotional opportunities, to ntrol drug abuse, and generally to improve the quality of life in the Armed Forces. As we take all of these steps, let us remember that strong military defenses are not the enemy of peace; they are the guardians of peace. Our ability to build a stable and tranquil world--to achieve an arms ntrol agreement, for example-depends on our ability to negotiate from a position of strength. We seek adequate power not as an end in itself but as a means for achieving our purpose. And our purpose is peace. In my Inaugural address years ago I called for operation to reduce the burden of arms--and I am enuraged by the progress we have been making toward that goal. But I also added this mment: ... to all those who would be tempted by weakness, let us leave no doubt that we will be as strong as we need to be for as long as we need to he." Today I repeat that reminder. A REALISTIC PROGRAM OF FOREIGN ASSISTANCE Another important expression of America's interest and influence in the world is our foreign assistance effort. This effort has special significance at a time when we are reducing our direct military presence abroad and enuraging other untries to assume greater responsibilities. Their growing ability to undertake these responsibilities often depends on America's foreign assistance. We have taken significant steps to reform our foreign assistance programs in recent years, to eliminate waste and to give them greater impact. Now three further imperatives rest with the Congress: --to fund in full the levels of assistance which I have earlier remmended for the current fiscal year, before the present interim funding arrangement expires in late February; --to act upon the fundamental aid reform proposals submitted by this administration in ; --and to modify those statutes which govern our response to expropriation of American property by foreign governments, as I remmended in my recent statement on the security of overseas investments. These actions, taken together, will nstitute not an exception to the emerging pattern for a more realistic American role in the world, but rather a fully nsistent and crucially important element in that pattern. As we work to help our partners in the world mmunity develop their enomic potential and strengthen their military forces, we should also operate fully with them in meeting international challenges such as the menace of nartics, the threat of pollution, the growth of population, the proper use of the seas and seabeds, and the plight of those who have been victimized by wars and natural disasters. All of these are global problems and they must be nfronted on a global basis. The efforts of the United Nations to respond creatively to these challenges have been most promising, as has the work of NATO in the environmental field. Now we must build on these beginnings. AMERICA'S INFLUENCE FOR GOOD The United States is not the world's policeman nor the keeper of its moral nscience. But--whether we like it or not-we still represent a force for stability in what has too often been an unstable world, a force for justice in a world which is too often unjust, a force for progress in a world which desperately needs to progress, a force for peace in a world that is weary of war. We can have a great influence for good in our world--and for that reason we bear a great responsibility. Whether we fulfill that responsibility--whether we fully use our influence for good--these are questions we will be answering as we reshape our attitudes and policies toward other untries, as we determine our defensive capabilities, and as we make fundamental decisions about foreign assistance. I will soon discuss these and other ncerns in greater detail in my annual report to the Congress on foreign policy. Our influence for good in the world depends, of urse, not only on decisions which touch directly on international affairs but also on our internal strength-on our sense of pride and purpose, on the vitality of our enomy, on the success of our efforts to build a better life for all our people. Let us turn then from the state of the Union abroad to the state of the Union at home. THE ECONOMY: TOWARD A NEW PROSPERITY Just as the Vietnam war occasioned much of our spiritual crisis, so it lay at the root of our enomic problems years ago. The attempt to finance that war through budget deficits in a period of full employment had produced a wave of price inflation as dangerous and as persistent as any in our history. It was more persistent, frankly, than I expected it would be when I first took office. And it only yielded slowly to our dual efforts to ol the war and to ol inflation. Our challenge was further mpounded by the need to reabsorb more than million persons who were released from the Armed Forces and from defense-related industries and by the substantial expansion of the labor force. In short, the escalation of the Vietnam war in the late 's destroyed price stability. And the de-escalation of that war in the early 's impeded full employment. Throughout these years, however, I have remained nvinced that both price stability and full employment were realistic goals for this untry. By last summer it became apparent that our efforts to eradicate inflation without wage and price ntrols would either take too long or-if they were to take effect quickly--would me at the st of persistent high unemployment. This st was unacceptable. On August th I therefore announced a series of new enomic policies to speed our progress toward a new prosperity without inflation in peacetime. These policies have received the strong support of the Congress and the American people, and as a result they have been effective. To carry forward these policies, three important steps were taken this past December--all within a brief e-week period--which will also help to make the ming year a very good year for the American enomy. On December , I signed into law the Revenue Act of , providing tax cuts over the next years of some billion, cuts which I requested to stimulate the enomy and to provide hundreds of thousands of new jobs. On December , I signed into law the Enomic Stabilization Act Amendments of , which will allow us to ntinue our program of wage and price restraints to break the back of inflation. Between these two events, on December , I was able to announce a major breakthrough on the international enomic front--reached in operation with our primary enomic partners. This breakthrough will mitigate the intolerable strains which were building up in the world's monetary and payments structure and will lead to a removal of trade barriers which have impeded American exports. It also sets the stage for broader reforms in the international monetary system so that we can avoid repeated monetary crises in the future. Both the monetary realignment--the first of its spe in history--and our progress in readjusting trade nditions will mean better markets for American goods abroad and more jobs for American workers at home. A BRIGHTER ECONOMIC PICTURE As a result of all these steps, the enomic picture--which has brightened steadily during the last months--will, I believe, ntinue to grow brighter. This is not my judgment alone; it is widely shared by the American people. Virtually every survey and forecast in recent weeks shows a substantial improvement in public attitudes about the enomy--which are themselves so instrumental in shaping enomic realities. The inflationary psychology which gripped our Nation so tightly for so long is on the ebb. Business and nsumer nfidence has been rising. Businessmen are planning a . percent increase in plant and equipment expenditures in , more than four times as large as the increase in . Consumer spending and retail sales are on the rise. Home building is booming--housing starts last year were up more than percent from , setting an all-time rerd. Interest rates are sharply down. Both inme and production are rising. Real output in our enomy in the last months of grew at a rate that was about double that of the previous two quarters. Perhaps most importantly, total employment has moved above the million mark--to a rerd high--and is growing rapidly. In the last months of , some . million additional jobs were created in our enomy and only a very unusual increase in the size of our total labor force kept the unemployment rate from falling. But whatever the reason, percent unemployment is too high. I am determined to cut that percentage--through a variety of measures. The budget I present to the Congress next week will be an expansionary budget--reflecting the impact of new job-creating tax cuts and job-creating expenditures. We will also push to increase employment through our programs for manpower training and public service employment, through our efforts to expand foreign markets, and through other new initiatives. Expanded employment in will be different, however, from many other periods of full prosperity. For it will me without the stimulus of war--and it will me without inflation. Our program of wage and price ntrols is working. The nsumer price index, which rose at a yearly rate of slightly over percent during and the first half of , rose at a rate of only . percent from August through November of . I would emphasize once again, however, that our ultimate objective is lasting price stability without ntrols. When we achieve an end to the inflationary psychology which developed in the 's, we will return to our traditional policy of relying on free market forces to determine wages and prices. I would also emphasize that while our new budget will be in deficit, the deficit will not be irresponsible. It will be less than this year's actual deficit and would disappear entirely under full employment nditions. While Federal spending ntinues to grow, the rate of increase in spending has been cut very sharply--to little more than half that experienced under the previous administration. The fact that our battle against inflation has led us to adopt a new policy of wage and price restraints should not obscure the ntinued importance of our fiscal and monetary policies in holding down the st of living. It is most important that the Congress join now in resisting the temptation to overspend and in accepting the discipline of a balanced full employment budget. I will soon present a more mplete discussion of all of these matters in my Budget Message and in my Enomic Report. A NEW ERA IN INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS Just as we have entered a new period of negotiation in world politics, so we have also moved into a new period of negotiation on the international enomic front. We expect these negotiations to help us build both a new international system for the exchange of money and a new system of international trade. These acmplishments, in turn, can open a new era of fair mpetition and nstructive interdependence in the global enomy. We have already made important strides in this direction. The realignment of exchange rates which was announced last month represents an important forward step--but now we also need basic long-range monetary reform. We have made an important beginning toward altering the nditions for international trade and investment--and we expect further substantial progress. I would emphasize that progress for some nations in these fields need not me at the expense of others. All nations will benefit from the right kind of monetary and trade reform. Certainly the United States has a high stake in such improvements. Our international enomic position has been slowly deteriorating now for some time--a ndition which uld have dangerous implications for both our influence abroad and our prosperity at home. It has been estimated, for example, that full employment prosperity will depend on the creation of some million additional jobs in this decade. And expanding our foreign markets is a most effective way to expand domestic employment. One of the major reasons for the weakening of our international enomic position is that the ground rules for the exchange of goods and money have forced us to mpete with one hand tied behind our back. One of our most important acmplishments in was our progress in changing this situation. COMPETING MORE EFFECTIVELY Monetary and trade reforms are only one part of this story. The ability of the United States to hold its own in world mpetition depends not only on the fairness of the rules, but also on the mpetitiveness of our enomy. We have made great progress in the last few months in improving the terms of mpetition. Now we must also do all we can to strengthen the ability of our own enomy to mpete. We stand today at a turning point in the history of our untry--and in the history of our planet. On the one hand, we have the opportunity to help bring a new enomic order to the world, an open order in which nations eagerly face outward to build that network of interdependence which is the best foundation for prosperity and for peace. But we will also be tempted in the months ahead to take the opposite urse--to withdraw from the world enomically as some would have us withdraw politically, to build an enomic Fortress America" within which our growing weakness uld be ncealed. Like a child who will not go out to play with other children, we would probably be saved a few minor bumps and bruises in the short run if we were to adopt this urse. But in the long run the world would surely pass us by. I reject this approach. I remain mmitted to that open world I discussed in my Inaugural address. That is why I have worked for a more inviting climate for America's enomic activity abroad. That is why I have placed so much emphasis on increasing the productivity of our enomy at home. And that is also why I believe so firmly that we must stimulate more long-range investment in our enomy, find more effective ways to develop and use new technology, and do a better job of training and using skilled manpower. An acute awareness of the international enomic challenge led to the creation just one year ago of the Cabinet-level Council on International Enomic Policy. This new institution has helped us to understand this challenge better and to respond to it more effectively. As our understanding deepens, we will disver additional ways of improving our ability to mpete. For example, we can enhance our mpetitive position by moving to implement the metric system of measurement, a proposal which the Secretary of Commerce presented in detail to the Congress last year. And we should also be doing far more to gain our fair share of the international tourism market, now estimated at billion annually, one of the largest factors in world trade. A substantial part of our balance of payments deficit results from the fact that American tourists abroad spend . billion more than foreign tourists spend in the United States. We can help rrect this situation by attracting more foreign tourists to our shores--especially as we enter our Bicentennial era. I am therefore requesting that the budget for the United States Travel Service be nearly doubled in the ming year. THE UNFINISHED AGENDA Our progress toward building a new enomic order at home and abroad has been made possible by the operation and hesion of the American people. I am sure that many Americans had misgivings about one aspect or another of the new enomic policies I introduced last summer. But most have nevertheless been ready to accept this new effort in order to build the broad support which is essential for effective change. The time has now me for us to apply this same sense of realism and reasonability to other reform proposals which have been languishing on our domestic agenda. As was the case with our enomic policies, most Americans agree that we need a change in our welfare system, in our health strategy, in our programs to improve the environment, in the way we finance State and local government, and in the organization of government at the Federal level. Most Americans are not satisfied with the status quo in education, in transportation, in law enforcement, in drug ntrol, in mmunity development. In each of these areas--and in others--I have put forward specific proposals which are responsive to this deep desire for change. And yet achieving change has often been difficult. There has been progress in some areas, but for the most part, as a nation we have not shown the same sense of self-discipline in our response to social challenges that we have developed in meeting our enomic needs. We have not been as ready as we should have been to mpromise our differences and to build a broad alition for change. And so we often have found ourselves in a situation of stalemate--doing essentially nothing even though most of us agree that nothing is the very worst thing we can do. Two years ago this week, and again one year ago, my messages on the state of the Union ntained broad proposals for domestic reform. I am presenting a number of new proposals in this year's message. But I also call once again, with renewed urgency, for action on our unfinished agenda. WELFARE REFORM The first item of unfinished business is welfare reform. Since I first presented my proposals in August of , some million additional persons have been added to our welfare rolls. The st of our old welfare system has grown by an additional . billion. People have not been moving as fast as they should from welfare rolls to payrolls. Too much of the traffic has been the other way. Our antiquated welfare system is responsible for this calamity. Our new program of workfare" would begin to end it. Today, more than ever, we need a new program which is based on the dignity of work, which provides strong incentives for work, and which includes for those who are able to work an effective work requirement. Today, more than ever, we need a new program which helps hold families together rather than driving them apart, which provides day care services so that low inme mothers can trade dependence on government for the dignity of employment, which relieves intolerable fiscal pressures on State and local governments, and which replaces administrative systems with a more efficient and reliable nationwide approach. I have now given prominent attention to this subject in three nsecutive messages on the state of the Union. The House of Representatives has passed welfare reform twice. Now that the new enomic legislation has been passed, I urge the Senate Finance Committee to place welfare reform at the top of its agenda. It is my earnest hope that when this Congress adjourns, welfare reform will not be an item of pending business but an acmplished reality. REVENUE SHARING: RETURNING POWER TO THE PEOPLE At the same time that I introduced my welfare proposals / years ago, I also presented a program for sharing Federal revenues with State and local governments. Last year I greatly expanded on this ncept. Yet, despite undisputed evidence of mpelling needs, despite overwhelming public support, despite the endorsement of both major political parties and most of the Nation's Governors and mayors, and despite the fact that most other nations with federal systems of government already have such a program, revenue sharing still remains on the list of unfinished business. I call again today for the enactment of revenue sharing. During its first full year of operation our proposed programs would spend . billion, both for general purposes and through six special purpose programs for law enforcement, manpower, education, transportation, rural mmunity, development, and urban mmunity development. As with welfare reform, the need for revenue sharing bemes more acute as time passes. The financial crisis of State and local government is deepening. The pattern of breakdown in State and municipal services grows more threatening. Inequitable tax pressures are mounting. The demand for more flexible and more responsive government--at levels closer to the problems and closer to the people--is building. Revenue sharing can help us meet these challenges. It can help reverse what has been the flow of power and resources toward Washington by sending power and resources back to the States, to the mmunities, and to the people. Revenue sharing can bring a new sense of acuntability, a new burst of energy and a new spirit of creativity to our federal system. I am pleased that the House Ways and Means Committee has made revenue sharing its first order of business in the new session. I urge the Congress to enact in this session, not an empty program which bears the revenue sharing label while ntinuing the outworn system of categorical grants, but a bold, mprehensive program of genuine revenue sharing. I also presented last year a million program of planning and management grants to help the States and localities do a better job of analyzing their problems and carrying out solutions. I hope this program will also be quickly accepted. For only as State and local governments get a new lease on life can we hope to bring government back to the people--and with it a stronger sense that each individual can be in ntrol of his life, that every person can make a difference. OVERHAULING THE MACHINERY OF GOVERNMENT: EXECUTIVE REORGANIZATION As we work to make State and local government more responsive--and more responsible--let us also seek these same goals at the Federal level. I again urge the Congress to enact my proposals for reorganizing the executive branch of the Federal Government. Here again, support from the general public--as well as from those who have served in the executive branch under several Presidents has been most enuraging. So has the success of the important organizational reforms we have already made. These have included a restructured Executive Office of the President--with a new Domestic Council, a new Office of Management and Budget, and other units; reorganized field operations in Federal agencies; stronger mechanisms for interagency ordination, such as Federal Regional Councils; a new United States Postal Service; and new offices for such purposes as protecting the environment, ordinating mmunications policy, helping the nsumer, and stimulating voluntary service. But the centerpiece of our efforts to streamline the executive branch still awaits approval. How the government is put together often determines how well the government can do its job. Our Founding Fathers understood this fact--and thus gave detailed attention to the most precise structural questions. Since that time, however, and especially in recent decades, new responsibilities and new nstituencies have caused the structure they established to expand enormously--and in a piecemeal and haphazard fashion. As a result, our Federal Government today is too often a sluggish and unresponsive institution, unable to deliver a dollar's worth of service for a dollar's worth of taxes. My answer to this problem is to streamline the executive branch by reducing the overall number of executive departments and by creating four new departments in which existing responsibilities would be refocused in a herent and mprehensive way. The rationale which I have advanced calls for organizing these new departments around the major purposes of the government by creating a Department of Natural Resources, a Department of Human Resources, a Department of Community Development, and a Department of Enomic Affairs. I have revised my original plan so that we would not eliminate the Department of Agriculture but rather restructure that Department so it can focus more effectively on the needs of farmers. The Congress has recently reorganized its own operations, and the Chief Justice of the United States has led a major effort to reform and restructure the judicial branch. The impulse for reorganization is strong and the need for reorganization is clear. I hope the Congress will not let this opportunity for sweeping reform of the executive branch slip away. A NEW APPROACH TO THE DELIVERY OF SOCIAL SERVICES As a further step to put the machinery of government in proper working order, I will also propose new legislation to reform and rationalize the way in which social services are delivered to families and individuals. Today it often seems that our service programs are unresponsive to the recipients' needs and wasteful of the taxpayers' money. A major reason is their extreme fragmentation. Rather than pulling many services together, our present system separates them into narrow and rigid categories. The father of a family is helped by one program, his daughter by another, and his elderly parents by a third. An individual goes to one place for nutritional help, to another for health services, and to still another for educational unseling. A mmunity finds that it cannot transfer Federal funds from one program area to another area in which needs are more pressing. Meanwhile, officials at all levels of government find themselves wasting enormous amounts of time, energy, and the taxpayers' money untangling Federal red tape--time and energy and dollars which uld better be spent in meeting people's needs. We need a new approach to the delivery of social services--one which is built around people and not around programs. We need an approach which treats a person as a whole and which treats the family as a unit. We need to break through rigid categorical walls, to open up narrow bureaucratic mpartments, to nsolidate and ordinate related programs in a mprehensive approach to related problems. The Allied Services Act which will soon be submitted to the Congress offers one set of tools for carrying out that new approach in the programs of the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare. It would strengthen State and local planning and administrative capacities, allow for the transfer of funds among various HEW programs, and permit the waiver of certain cumbersome Federal requirements. By streamlining and simplifying the delivery of services, it would help more people move more rapidly from public dependency toward the dignity of being self-sufficient. Good men and good money can be wasted on bad mechanisms. By giving those mechanisms a thorough overhaul, we can help to restore the nfidence of the people in the capacities of their government. PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT A central theme of both my earlier messages on the state of the Union was the state of our environment--and the importance of making our peace with nature." The last few years have been a time in which environmental values have beme firmly embedded in our attitudes--and in our institutions. At the Federal level, we have established a new Environmental Protection Agency, a new Council on Environmental Quality and a new National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and we have proposed an entire new Department of Natural Resources. New air quality standards have been set, and there is evidence that the air in many cities is beming less polluted. Under authority granted by the Refuse Act of , we have instituted a new permit program which, for the first time, allows the Federal Government to inventory all significant industrial sources of water pollution and to specify required abatement actions. Under the Refuse Act, more than civil actions and criminal actions to stop water pollution have been filed against alleged polluters in the last months. Major programs have also been launched to build new municipal waste treatment facilities, to stop pollution from Federal facilities, to expand our wilderness areas, and to leave a legacy of parks for future generations. Our outlays for inner city parks have been significantly expanded, and Federal tracts have been transferred to the States and to local governments for recreational uses. In the ming year, I hope to transfer to local park use much more Federal land which is suitable for recreation but which is now underutilized. I trust the Congress will not delay this process. The most striking fact about environmental legislation in the early 's is how much has been proposed and how little has been enacted. Of the major legislative proposals I made in my special message to the Congress on the environment last winter, are still awaiting final action. They include measures to regulate pesticides and toxic substances, to ntrol noise pollution, to restrict dumping in the oceans, in astal waters, and in the Great Lakes, to create an effective policy for the use and development of land, to regulate the siting of power plants, to ntrol strip mining, and to help achieve many other important environmental goals. The unfinished agenda also includes our National Resource Land Management Act, and other measures to improve environmental protection on federally owned lands. The need for action in these areas is urgent. The forces which threaten our environment will not wait while we procrastinate. Nor can we afford to rest on last year's agenda in the environmental field. For as our understanding of these problems increases, so must our range of responses. Acrdingly, I will soon be sending to the Congress another message on the environment that will present further administrative and legislative initiatives. Altogether our new budget will ntain more than three times as much money for environmental programs in fiscal year as we spent in fiscal year . To fail in meeting the environmental challenge, however, would be even more stly. I urge the Congress to put aside narrow partisan perspectives that merely ask whether" we should act to protect the environment and to focus instead on the more difficult question of how" such action can most effectively be carried out. ABUNDANT CLEAN ENERGY In my message to the Congress on energy policy, last June, I outlined additional steps relating to the environment which also merit renewed attention. The challenge, as I defined it, is to produce a sufficient supply of energy to fuel our industrial civilization and at the same time to protect a beautiful and healthy environment. I am nvinced that we can achieve both these goals, that we can respect our good earth without turning our back on progress. In that message last June, I presented a long list of means for assuring an ample supply of clean energy--including the liquid metal fast breeder reactor--and I again emphasize their importance. Because it often takes several years to bring new technologies into use in the energy field, there is no time for delay. Acrdingly, I am including in my new budget increased funding for the most promising of these and other clean energy programs. By acting this year, we can avoid having to choose in some future year between too little energy, and too much pollution. KEEPING PEOPLE HEALTHY The National Health Strategy I outlined last February is designed to achieve one of the Nation's most important goals for the 's, improving the quality and availability of medical care, while fighting the trend toward runaway sts. Important elements of that strategy have already been enacted. The Comprehensive Health Manpower Training Act and the Nurse Training Act, which I signed on November , represent the most far-reaching effort in our history to increase the supply of doctors, nurses, dentists and other health professionals and to attract them to areas which are experiencing manpower shortages. The National Cancer Act, which I signed on December , marked the climax of a year-long effort to step up our campaign against cancer. During the past year, our cancer research budget has been increased by million and the full weight of my office has been given to our all-out war on this disease. We have also expanded the fight against sickle cell anemia by an additional million. I hope that action on these significant fronts during the first session of the nd Congress will now be matched by action in other areas during the send session. The Health Maintenance Organization Act, for example, is an essential tool for helping doctors deliver care more effectively and more efficiently with a greater emphasis on prevention and early treatment. By working to keep our people healthy instead of treating us only when we are sick, Health Maintenance Organizations can do a great deal to help us reduce medical sts. Our National Health Insurance Partnership legislation is also essential to assure that no American is denied basic medical care because of inability to pay. Too often, present health insurance leaves critical outpatient services unvered, distorting the way in which facilities are used. It also fails to protect adequately against catastrophic sts and to provide sufficient assistance for the poor. The answer I have suggested is a mprehensive national plan--not one that nationalizes our private health insurance industry but one that rrects the weaknesses in that system while building on its nsiderable strengths. A large part of the enormous increase in the Nation's expenditures on health in recent years has gone not to additional services but merely to meet price inflation. Our efforts to balance the growing demand for care with an increased supply of services will help to change this picture. So will that part of our enomic program which is designed to ntrol medical sts. I am nfident that with the ntinued operation of those who provide health services, we will succeed on this most important battlefront in our war against inflation. Our program for the next year will also include further funding increases for health research--including substantial new sums for cancer and sickle cell anemia--as well as further increases for medical schools and for meeting special problems such as drug addiction and alholism. We also plan to nstruct new veterans hospitals and expand the staffs at existing ones. In addition, we will be giving increased attention to the fight against diseases of the heart, blood vessels and lungs, which presently acunt for more than half of all the deaths in this untry. It is deeply disturbing to realize that, largely because of heart disease, the mortality rate for men under the age of is about twice as great in the United States as it is, for example, in some Scandinavian untries. I will shortly assign a panel of distinguished experts to help us determine why heart disease is so prevalent and so menacing and what we can do about it. I will also remmend an expanded budget for the National Heart and Lung Institute. The young father struck down by a heart attack in the prime of life, the productive citizen crippled by a stroke, an older person tortured by breathing difficulties during his later years--these are tragedies which can be reduced in number and we must do all that is possible to reduce them. NUTRITION One of the critical areas in which we have worked to advance the health of the Nation is that of mbating hunger and improving nutrition. With the increases in our new budget, expenditures on our food stamp program will have increased ninefold since , to the . billion level. Spending on school lunches for needy children will have increased more than sevenfold, from million in to million in . Because of new regulations which will be implemented in the year ahead, we will be able to increase further both the equity of our food stamp program and the adequacy of its benefits. COPING WITH ACCIDENTS--AND PREVENTING THEM Last year, more than , Americans lost their lives in accidents. Four hundred thousand more were permanently disabled and million were temporarily disabled. The loss to our enomy from accidents last year is estimated at over billion. These are sad and staggering figures--especially since this toll uld be greatly reduced by upgrading our emergency medical services. Such improvement does not even require new scientific breakthroughs; it only requires that we apply our present knowledge more effectively. To help in this effort, I am directing the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare to develop new ways of organizing emergency medical services and of providing care to accident victims. By improving mmunication, transportation, and the training of emergency personnel, we can save many thousands of lives which would otherwise be lost to accidents and sudden illnesses. One of the significant joint acmplishments of the Congress and this administration has been a vigorous new program to protect against job-related accidents and illnesses. Our occupational health and safety program will be further strengthened in the year ahead--as will our ongoing efforts to promote air traffic safety, boating safety, and safety on the highways. In the last years, the motor vehicle death rate has fallen by percent, but we still lose some , lives on our highways each year--more than we have lost in mbat in the entire Vietnam war. Fully one-half of these deaths were directly linked to alhol. This appalling reality is a blight on our entire Nation-and only the active ncern of the entire Nation can remove it. The Federal Government will ntinue to help all it can, through its efforts to promote highway safety and automobile safety, and through stronger programs to help the problem drinker. YESTERDAY'S GOALS: TOMORROW'S ACCOMPLISHMENTS Welfare reform, revenue sharing, executive reorganization, environmental protection, and the new national health strategy--these, along with enomic improvement, nstituted the six great goals I emphasized in my last State of the Union address--six major mponents of a New American Revolution. They remain six areas of great ncern today. With the operation of the Congress, they can be six areas of great acmplishment tomorrow. But the challenges we face cannot be reduced to six categories. Our problems-and our opportunities--are manifold, and action on many fronts is required. It is partly for this reason that my State of the Union address this year includes this written message to the Congress. For it gives me the chance to discuss more fully a number of programs which also belong on our list of highest priorities. ACTION FOR THE AGING Last month, I joined with thousands of delegates to the White House Conference on Aging in a personal mmitment to make a year of action on behalf of million older Americans. Today I call on the Congress to join me in that pledge. For unless the American dream mes true for our older generation it cannot be mplete for any generation. We can begin to make this a year of action for the aging by acting on a number of proposals which have been pending since . For older Americans, the most significant of these is the bill designated H.R.i. This legislation, which also ntains our general welfare reform measures, would place a national floor under the inme of all older Americans, guarantee inflation-proof social security benefits, allow social security recipients to earn more from their own work, increase benefits for widows, and provide a -percent across the-board increase in social security. Altogether, H.R. --as it now stands-would mean some . billion in increased benefits for America's older citizens. I hope the Congress will also take this opportunity to eliminate the . monthly fee now charged under Part B of Medicare--a step which would add an additional . billion to the inme of the elderly. These additions would me on top of earlier social security increases totalling some billion over the last years. A number of newer proposals also deserve approval. I am requesting that the budget of the Administration on Aging be increased five-fold over last year's request, to million, in part so that we can expand programs which help older citizens live dignified lives in their own homes. I am remmending substantially larger budgets for those programs which give older Americans a better chance to serve their untrymen--Retired Senior Volunteers, Foster Grandparents, and others. And we will also work to ease the burden of property taxes which so many older Americans find so inequitable and so burdensome. Other initiatives, including proposals for extending and improving the Older Americans Act, will be presented as we review the remmendations of the White House Conference on Aging. Our new Cabinet-level Domestic Council Committee on Aging has these remmendations at the top of its agenda. We will also be following up in on one of the most important of our initiatives--the crackdown on substandard nursing homes. Our follow-through will give special attention to providing alternative arrangements for those who are victimized by such facilities. The legislation I have submitted to provide greater financial security at retirement, both for those now vered by private pension plans and those who are not, also merits prompt action by the Congress. Only half the untry's work force is now vered by tax deductible private pensions; the other half deserve a tax deduction for their retirement savings too. Those who are now vered by pension plans deserve the assurance that their plans are administered under strict fiduciary standards with full disclosure. And they should also have the security provided by prompt vesting--the assurance that even if one leaves a given job, he can still receive the pension he earned there when he retires. The legislation I have proposed would achieve these goals, and would also raise the limit on deductible pension savings for the self-employed. The state of our Union is strong today because of what older Americans have so long been giving to their untry. The state of our Union will be stronger tomorrow if we regnize how much they still can ntribute. The best thing our untry can give to its older citizens is the chance to be a part of it, the chance to play a ntinuing role in the great American adventure. EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR MINORITIES America cannot be at its best as it approaches its th birthday unless all Americans have the opportunity to be at their best. A free and open American society, one that is true to the ideals of its founders, must give each of its citizens an equal chance at the starting line and an equal opportunity to go as far and as high as his talents and energies will take him. The Nation can be proud of the progress it has made in assuring equal opportunity for members of minority groups in recent years. There are many measures of our progress. Since , we have virtually eliminated the dual school system in the South. Three years ago, percent of all black children in the South were attending all black schools; today only percent are attending schools which are entirely black. Nationally, the number of percent minority schools has decreased by percent during the past years. To further expand educational opportunity, my proposed budget for predominantly black lleges will exceed million next year, more than double the level of years ago. On the enomic front, overall Federal aid to minority business enterprise has increased threefold in the last years, and I will propose a further increase of million. Federal hiring among minorities has been intensified, despite cutbacks in Federal employment, so that one-fifth of all Federal employees are now members of minority groups. Building on strong efforts such as the Philadelphia Plan, we will work harder to ensure that Federal ntractors meet fair hiring standards. Compliance reviews will be stepped up, to a level more than percent higher than in . Our proposed budget for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission will be up percent next year, while our proposed budget for enforcing fair housing laws will grow by percent. I also support legislation to strengthen the enforcement powers of the EEOC by providing the Commission with authority to seek urt enforcement of its decisions and by giving it jurisdiction over the hiring practices of State and local governments. Overall, our proposed budget for civil rights activities is up percent for next year, an increase which will give us nearly three times as much money for advancing civil rights as we had years ago. We also plan a percent increase in the budget for the Cabinet Committee on Opportunities for the Spanish Speaking. And I will propose that the Congress extend the operations of the Civil Rights Commission for another -year period. SELF-DETERMINATION FOR INDIANS One of the major initiatives in the send year of my Presidency was designed to bring a new era in which the future for American Indians is determined by Indian acts and Indian decisions. The mprehensive program I put forward sought to avoid the twin dangers of paternalism on the one hand and the termination of trust responsibility on the other. Some parts of this program have now beme effective, including a generous settlement of the Alaska Native Claims and the return to the Taos Pueblo Indians of the sacred lands around Blue Lake. Construction grants have been authorized to assist the Navajo Community College, the first Indian-managed institution of higher education. We are also making progress toward Indian self-determination on the administrative front. A newly reorganized Bureau of Indian Affairs, with almost all-Indian leadership, will from now on be ncentrating its resources on a program of reservation-by-reservation development, including redirection of employment assistance to strengthen reservation enomies, creating local Indian Action Teams for manpower training, and increased ntracting of education and other functions to Indian mmunities. I again urge the Congress to join in helping Indians help themselves in fields such as health, education, the protection of land and water rights, and enomic development. We have talked about injustice to the first Americans long enough. As Indian leaders themselves have put it, the time has me for more rain and less thunder. EQUAL RIGHTS FOR WOMEN This administration will also ntinue its strong efforts to open equal opportunities for women, regnizing clearly that women are often denied such opportunities today. While every woman may not want a career outside the home, every woman should have the freedom to choose whatever career she wishes--and an equal chance to pursue it. We have already moved vigorously against job discrimination based on sex in both the private and public sectors. For the first time, guidelines have been issued to require that Government ntractors in the private sector have action plans for the hiring and promotion of women. We are mmitted to strong enforcement of equal employment opportunity for women under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. To help carry out these mmitments I will propose to the Congress that the jurisdiction of the Commission on Civil Rights be broadened to enmpass sex-based discrimination. Within the Government, more women have been appointed to high posts than ever before. As the result of my directives issued in April the number of women appointed to high-level Federal positions has more than doubled--and the number of women in Federal middle management positions has also increased dramatically. More women than ever before have been appointed to Presidential boards and mmissions. Our vigorous program to recruit more women for Federal service will be ntinued and intensified in the ming year. OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS A grateful nation owes its servicemen and servicewomen every opportunity it can open to them when they return to civilian life. The Nation may be weary of war, but we dare not grow weary of doing right by those who have borne its heaviest burdens. The Federal Government is carrying out this responsibility in many ways: through the G.I. Bill for education-which will spend / times more in than in ; through home loan programs and disability and pension benefits-which also have been expanded; through better medical services--including strong new drug treatment programs; through its budget for veterans hospitals, which is already many times the level and will be stepped up further next year. We have been particularly ncerned in the last years with the employment of veterans--who experience higher unemployment rates than those who have not served in the Armed Forces. During this past year I announced a six-point national program to increase public awareness of this problem, to provide training and unseling to veterans seeking jobs and to help them find employment opportunities. Under the direction of the Secretary of Labor and with the help of our Jobs for Veterans Committee and the National Alliance of Businessmen, this program has been moving forward. During its first five months of operation, , Vietnamera veterans were placed in jobs by the Federal-State Employment Service and , were enrolled in job training programs. During the next six months, we expect the Federal-State Employment Service to place some , additional veterans in jobs and to enroll nearly , more in manpower training programs. But let us never forget, in this as in so many other areas, that the opportunity for any individual to ntribute fully to his society depends in the final analysis on the response--in his own mmunity---of other individuals. GREATER ROLE FOR AMERICAN YOUTH Full participation and first class citizenship--these must be our goals for America's young people. It was to help achieve these goals that I signed legislation to lower the minimum voting age to in June of , and moved to secure a urt validation of its nstitutionality. And I took special pleasure a year later in witnessing the certification of the amendment which placed this franchise guarantee in the Constitution. But a voice at election time alone is not enough. Young people should have a hearing in government on a day-by-day basis. To this end, and at my direction, agencies throughout the Federal Government have stepped up their hiring of young people and have opened new youth advisory channels. We have also nvened the first White House Youth Conference--a wide-open forum whose remmendations have been receiving a thorough review by the Executive departments. Several other reforms also mean greater freedom and opportunity for America's young people. Draft calls have been substantially reduced, as a step toward our target of reducing them to zero by mid-. The lottery system and other new procedures and the ntributions of youth advisory uncils and younger members on local boards have made the draft far more fair than it was. My educational reform proposals embody the principle that no qualified student who wants to go to llege should be barred by lack of money-a guarantee that would open doors of opportunity for many thousands of deserving young people. Our new career education emphasis can also be a significant springboard to good jobs and rewarding lives. Young America's extra dimension" in the sixties and seventies has been a drive to help the less fortunate--an activist idealism bent on making the world a better place to live. Our new ACTION volunteer agency, building on the successful experiences of nstituent units such as the Peace Corps and Vista, has already broadened service opportunities for the young-and more new programs are in prospect. The Congress can do its part in forwarding this positive momentum by assuring that the ACTION programs have sufficient funds to carry out their mission. THE AMERICAN FARMER As we face the challenge of mpeting more effectively abroad and of producing more efficiently at home, our entire Nation can take the American farmer as its model. While the productivity of our non-farm industries has gone up percent during the last years, agricultural productivity has gone up percent, or nearly / times as much. One result has been better products and lower prices for American nsumers. Another is that farmers have more than held their own in international markets. Figures for the last fiscal year show nearly a million surplus for mmercial agricultural trade. The strength of American agriculture is at the heart of the strength of America. American farmers deserve a fair share in the fruits of our prosperity. We still have much ground to ver before we arrive at that goal--but we have been moving steadily toward it. In the inme of the average farmer was only percent of that of his non-farm unterpart. Today that figure stands at percent--not nearly high enough, but moving in the right direction. Gross farm inme reached a rerd high in , and for a further increase of billion is predicted. Because of restraints on production sts, net farm inme is expected to rise in by . percent or some billion. Average inme per farm is expected to go up percent--to an all-time high--in the next months. Still there are very serious farm problems-and we are taking strong action to meet them. I promised years ago to end the sharp skid in farm exports--and I have kept that promise. In just years, farm exports climbed by percent, and last year they set an all-time rerd. Our expanded marketing programs, the agreement to sell million tons of feed grains to the Soviet Union, our massive aid to South Asia under Public Law , and our efforts to halt transportation strikes--by doing all we can under the old law and by proposing a new and better one--these efforts and others are moving us toward our billion farm export goal. I have also promised to expand domestic markets, to improve the management of surpluses, and to help in other ways to raise the prices received by farmers. I have kept that promise, too. A surprisingly large harvest drove rn prices down last year, but they have risen sharply since last November. Prices received by dairy farmers, at the highest level in history last year, will ntinue strong in . Soybean prices will be at their highest level in two decades. Prices received by farmers for hogs, poultry and eggs are all expected to go higher. Expanded Government purchases and other assistance will also provide a greater boost to farm inme. With the close operation of the Congress, we have expanded the farmers' freedom and flexibility through the Agricultural Act of . We have strengthened the Farm Credit System and substantially increased the availability of farm credit. Programs for ntrolling plant and animal disease and for soil and water nservation have also been expanded. All these efforts will ntinue, as will our efforts to improve the legal climate for operative bargaining--an important factor in protecting the vitality of the family farm and in resisting excessive Government management. DEVELOPING RURAL AMERICA In my address to the Congress at this time years ago, I spoke of the fact that one-third of our unties had lost population in the 's, that many of our rural areas were slowly being emptied of their people and their promise, and that we should work to reverse this picture by including rural America in a nationwide program to foster balanced growth. It is striking to realize that even if we had a population of one billion--nearly five times the current level---our area is so great that we would still not be as densely populated as many European nations are at present. Clearly, our problems are not so much those of numbers as they are of distribution. We must work to revitalize the American untryside. We have begun to make progress on this front in the last years. Rural housing programs have been increased by more than percent from to . The number of families benefiting from rural water and sewer programs is now percent greater than it was in . We have worked to enurage sensible growth patterns through the location of Federal facilities. The first biennial Report on National Growth, which will be released in the near future, will further describe these patterns, their policy implications and the many ways we are responding to this challenge. But we must do more. The Congress can begin by passing my . billion program of Special Revenue Sharing for Rural Community Development. In addition, I will soon present a major proposal to expand significantly the credit authorities of the Farmers Home Administration, so that this agency--which has done so much to help individual farmers-can also help spur mmercial, industrial and mmunity development in rural America. Hopefully, the FHA will be able to undertake this work as a part of a new Department of Community Development. In all these ways, we can help ensure that rural America will be in the years ahead what it has been from our Nation's beginning--an area which looks eagerly to the future with a sense of hope and promise. A COMMITMENT TO OUR CITIES Our mmitment to balanced growth also requires a mmitment to our cities-to old cities threatened by decay, to suburbs now sprawling senselessly because of inadequate planning, and to new cities not yet born but clearly needed by our growing population. I discussed these challenges in my special message to the Congress on Population Growth and the American Future in the summer of -and I have often discussed them since. My remmendations for transportation, education, health, welfare, revenue sharing, planning and management assistance, executive reorganization, the environment-especially the proposed Land Use Policy Act--and my proposals in many other areas touch directly on mmunity development. One of the keys to better cities is better ordination of these many mponents. Two of my pending proposals go straight to the heart of this challenge. The first, a new Department of Community Development, would provide a single point of focus for our strategy for growth. The send, Special Revenue Sharing for Urban Community Development, would remove the rigidities of categorical project grants which now do so much to fragment planning, delay action, and disurage local responsibility. My new budget proposes a million increase over the full year level which we proposed for this program a year ago. The Department of Housing and Urban Development has been working to foster orderly growth in our cities in a number of additional ways. A Planned Variation ncept has been introduced into the Model Cities program which gives localities more ntrol over their own future. HUD's own programs have been nsiderably decentralized. The New Communities Program has moved forward and seven projects have received final approval. The Department's efforts to expand mortgage capital, to more than double the level of subsidized housing, and to enurage new and more efficient building techniques through programs like Operation Breakthrough have all ntributed to our rerd level of housing starts. Still more can be done if the Congress enacts the administration's Housing Consolidation and Simplification Act, proposed in . The Federal Government is only one of many influences on development patterns across our land. Nevertheless, its influence is nsiderable. We must do all we can to see that its influence is good. IMPROVING TRANSPORTATION Although the executive branch and the Congress have been led by different parties during the last years, we have operated with particular effectiveness in the field of transportation. Together we have shaped the Urban Mass Transportation Assistance Act of --a -year, billion effort to expand and improve our mmon carriers and thus make our cities more livable. We have brought into effect a -year, billion ship nstruction program as well as increased research efforts and a modified program of operating subsidies to revamp our merchant marine. We have accelerated efforts to improve air travel under the new Airport and Airway Trust Fund and have been working in fresh ways to save and improve our railway passenger service. Great progress has also been made in promoting transportation safety and we have moved effectively against cargo thefts and skyjacking. I hope this strong rerd will be even stronger by the time the nd Congress adjourns. I hope that our Special Revenue Sharing program for transportation will by then be a reality--so that cities and States can make better long-range plans with greater freedom to achieve their own proper balance among the many modes of transportation. I hope, too, that our remmendations for revitalizing surface freight transportation will by then be accepted, including measures both to modernize railway equipment and operations and to update regulatory practices. By enuraging mpetition, flexibility and efficiency among freight carriers, these steps uld save the American people billions of dollars in freight sts every year, helping to curb inflation, expand employment and improve our balance of trade. "One of our most damaging and perplexing enomic problems is that of massive and prolonged transportation strikes. There is no reason why the public should be the helpless victim of such strikes--but this is frequently what happens. The dock strike, for example, has been extremely stly for the American people, particularly for the farmer for whom a whole year's inme can hinge on how promptly he can move his goods. Last year's railroad strike also dealt a severe blow to our   enomy." Both of these emergencies uld have been met far more effectively if the Congress had enacted my Emergency Public Interest Protection Act, which I proposed in February, of . By passing this legislation in this session, the Congress can give us the permanent machinery so badly needed for resolving future disputes. Historically, our transportation systems have provided the cutting edge for our development. Now, to keep our untry from falling behind the times, we must keep well ahead of events in our transportation planning. This is why we are placing more emphasis and spending more money this year on transportation research and development. For this reason, too, I will propose a percent increase--to the billion level--in our budget for mass transportation. Highway building has been our first priority--and our greatest success story--in the past two decades. Now we must write a similar success story for mass transportation in the 's. PEACE AT HOME: FIGHTING CRIME Our quest for peace abroad over the last years has been acmpanied by an intensive quest for peace at home. And our success in stabilizing developments on the international scene has been matched by a growing sense of stability in America. Civil disorders no longer engulf our cities. Colleges and universities have again beme places of learning. And while crime is still increasing, the rate of increase has slowed to a -year low. In the one city for which the Federal Government has a special responsibility--Washington, D.C.--the picture is even brighter, for here serious crime actually fell by percent in the last year. Washington was one of major cities which rerded a net reduction in crime in the first nine months of , mpared to major cities which made mparable progress a year earlier. This enuraging beginning is not something that has just happened by itself---I believe it results directly from strong new crime fighting efforts by this administration, by the Congress, and by State and local governments. Federal expenditures on crime have increased percent since and we are proposing another percent increase in our new budget. The Organized Grime Control Act of , the District of Columbia Court Reform Act, and the Omnibus Crime Control Act of have all provided new instruments for this important battle. So has our effort to expand the Federal strike force program as a weapon against organized crime. Late last year, we held the first National Conference on Corrections--and we will ntinue to move forward in this most critical field. I will also propose legislation to improve our juvenile delinquency prevention programs. And I again urge action on my Special Revenue Sharing proposal for law enforcement. By ntinuing our stepped up assistance to local law enforcement authorities through the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, by ntinuing to press for improved urts and rrectional institutions, by ntinuing our intensified war on drug abuse, and by ntinuing to give vigorous support to the principles of order and respect for law, I believe that what has been achieved in the Nation's capital can be achieved in a growing number of other mmunities throughout the Nation. COMBATING DRUG ABUSE A problem of modern life which is of deepest ncern to most Americans--and of particular anguish to many--is that of drug abuse. For increasing dependence on drugs will surely sap our Nation's strength and destroy our Nation's character. Meeting this challenge is not a task for government alone. I have been heartened by the efforts of millions of individual Americans from all walks of life who are trying to mmunicate across the barriers created by drug use, to reach out with mpassion to those who have beme drug dependent. The Federal Government will ntinue to lead in this effort. The last years have seen an increase of nearly percent in Federal expenditures for treatment and rehabilitation and an increase of more than percent in program levels for research, education and training. I will propose further substantial increases for these programs in the ming year. In order to develop a national strategy for this effort and to ordinate activities which are spread through nine Federal agencies, I asked Congress last June to create a Special Action Office for Drug Abuse Prevention. I also established an interim Office by Executive order, and that unit is beginning to have an impact. But now we must have both the legislative authority and the funds I requested if this Office is to move ahead with its critical mission. On another front, the United States will ntinue to press for a strong llective effort by nations throughout the world to eliminate drugs at their source. And we will intensify the world-wide attack on drug smugglers and all who protect them. The Cabinet Committee on International Nartics Control which I created last September--is ordinating our diplomatic and law enforcement efforts in this area. We will also step up our program to curb illicit drug traffic at our borders and within our untry. Over the last years Federal expenditures for this work have more than doubled, and I will propose a further funding increase next year. In addition, I will soon initiate a major new program to drive drug traffickers and pushers off the streets of America. This program will be built around a nationwide network of investigative and prospective units, utilizing special grand juries established under the Organized Crime Control Act of , to assist State and local agencies in detecting, arresting, and nvicting those who would profit from the misery of others. STRENGTHENING CONSUMER PROTECTION Our plans for include further steps to protect nsumers against hazardous food and drugs and other dangerous products. These efforts will carry forward the campaign I launched in to establish a Buyer's Bill of Rights" and to strengthen nsumer protection. As a part of that campaign, we have established a new Office of Consumer Affairs, directed by my Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs, to give nsumers greater access to government, to promote nsumer education, to enurage voluntary efforts by business, to work with State and local governments, and to help the Federal Government improve its nsumer-related activities. We have also established a new Consumer Product Information Coordinating Center in the General Services Administration to help us share a wider range of Federal research and buying expertise with the public. But many of our plans in this field still await Congressional action, including measures to insure product safety, to fight nsumer fraud, to require full disclosure in warranties and guarantees, and to protect against unsafe medical devices. REFORMING AND RENEWING EDUCATION It was nearly years ago, in March of , that I presented my major proposals for reform and renewal in education. These proposals included student assistance measures to ensure that no qualified person would be barred from llege by a lack of money, a National Institute of Education to bring new energy and new direction to educational research, and a National Foundation for Higher Education to enurage innovation in learning beyond high school. These initiatives are still awaiting final action by the Congress. They deserve prompt approval. I would also undersre my ntinuing nfidence that Special Revenue Sharing for Education can do much to strengthen the backbone of our educational system, our public elementary and sendary schools. Special Revenue Sharing regnizes the Nation's interest in their improvement without mpromising the principle of local ntrol. I also call again for the enactment of my . billion program of Emergency School Aid to help local school districts desegregate wisely and well. This program has twice been approved by the House and once by the Senate in different versions. I hope the Senate will now send the legislation promptly to the nference mmittee so that an agreement can be reached on this important measure at an early date. This bill is designed to help local school districts with the problems incident to desegregation. We must have an end to the dual school system, as nscience and the Constitution both require--and we must also have good schools. In this nnection, I repeat my own firm belief that educational quality--so vital to the future of all of our children---is not enhanced by unnecessary busing for the sole purpose of achieving an arbitrary racial balance. FINANCING OUR SCHOOLS I particularly hope that will be a year in which we resolve one of the most critical questions we face in education today: how best to finance our schools. In recent years the growing spe and rising sts of education have so overburdened local revenues that financial crisis has beme a way of life in many school districts. As a result, neither the benefits nor the burdens of education have been equitably distributed. The brunt of the growing pressures has fallen on the property tax--one of the most inequitable and regressive of all public levies. Property taxes in the United States represent a higher proportion of public inme than in almost any other nation. They have more than doubled in the last decade and have been particularly burdensome for our lower and middle inme families and for older Americans. These intolerable pressures--on the property tax and on our schools--led me to establish the President's Commission on School Finance in March of . I charged this Commission with the responsibility to review mprehensively both the revenue needs and the revenue resources of public and non-public elementary and sendary education. The Commission will make its final report to me in March. At the same time, the Domestic Council-and particularly the Secretaries of the Treasury and of Health, Education, and Welfare---have also been studying this difficult and tangled problem. The entire question has been given even greater urgency by recent urt decisions in California, Minnesota, New Jersey, and Texas, which have held the nventional method of financing schools through local property taxes discriminatory and unnstitutional. Similar urt actions are pending in more than half of our States. While these cases have not yet been reviewed by the Supreme Court, we cannot ignore the serious questions they have raised for our States, for our local school districts, and for the entire Nation. The overhaul of school finance involves two mplex and interrelated sets of problems: those ncerning support of the schools themselves, and also the basic relationships of Federal, State and local governments in any program of tax reform. We have been developing a set of mprehensive proposals to deal with these questions. Under the leadership of the Secretary of the Treasury, we are carefully reviewing the tax aspects of these proposals; and I have this week enlisted the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations in addressing the intergovernmental relations aspects. Members of the Congress and of the executive branch, Governors, State legislators, local officials and private citizens mprise this group. Later in the year, after I have received the reports of both the President's Commission on School Finance and the Advisory Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, I shall make my final remmendations for relieving the burden of property taxes and providing both fair and adequate financing for our children's education--nsistent with the principle of preserving the ntrol by local school boards over local schools. A NEW EMPHASIS ON CAREER EDUCATION Career Education is another area of major new emphasis, an emphasis which grows out of my belief that our schools should be doing more to build self-reliance and self-sufficiency, to prepare students for a productive and fulfilling life. Too often, this has not been happening. Too many of our students, from all inme groups, have been turning off" or tuning out" on their educational experiences. And-whether they drop out of school or proceed on to llege--too many young people find themselves unmotivated and ill equipped for a rewarding social role. Many other Americans, who have already entered the world of work, find that they are dissatisfied with their jobs but feel that it is too late to change directions, that they already are locked in." One reason for this situation is the inflexibility of our educational system, including the fact that it so rigidly separates academic and vocational curricula. Too often vocational education is foolishly stigmatized as being less desirable than academic preparation. And too often the academic curriculum offers very little preparation for viable careers. Most students are unable to mbine the most valuable features of both vocational and academic education; once they have chosen one curriculum, it is difficult to move to the other. The present approach serves the best interests of neither our students nor our society. The unhappy result is high numbers of able people who are unemployed, underemployed, or unhappily employed on the one hand--while many challenging jobs go begging on the other. We need a new approach, and I believe the best new approach is to strengthen Career Education. Career Education provides people of all ages with broader exposure to and better preparation for the world of work. It not only helps the young, but also provides adults with an opportunity to adapt their skills to changing needs, changing technology, and their own changing interests. It would not prematurely force an individual into a specific area of work but would expand his ability to choose wisely from a wider range of options. Neither would it result in a slighting of academic preparation, which would remain a central part of the educational blend. Career Education is not a single specific program. It is more usefully thought of as a goal--and one that we can pursue through many methods. What we need today is a nationwide search for such methods--a search which involves every area of education and every level of government. To help spark this venture, I will propose an intensified Federal effort to develop model programs which apply and test the best ideas in this field. There is no more disncerting waste than the waste of human potential. And there is no better investment than an investment in human fulfillment. Career Education can help make education and training more meaningful for the student, more rewarding for the teacher, more available to the adult, more relevant for the disadvantaged, and more productive for our untry. MANPOWER PROGRAMS: TAPPING OUR FULL POTENTIAL Our trillion dollar enomy rests in the final analysis on our million member labor force. How well that force is used today, how well that force is prepared for tomorrow--these are central questions for our untry. They are particularly important questions in a time of stiff enomic challenge and burgeoning enomic opportunity. At such a time, we must find better ways to tap the full potential of every citizen. This means doing all we can to open new education and employment opportunities for members of minority groups. It means a stronger effort to help the veteran find useful and satisfying work and to tap the enormous talents of the elderly. It means helping women--in whatever role they choose--to realize their full potential. It also means caring for the unemployed--sustaining them, retraining them and helping them find new employment. This administration has grappled directly with these assignments. We began by mpletely revamping the Manpower Administration in the Department of Labor. We have expanded our manpower programs to rerd levels. We proposed--and the Congress enacted--a massive reform of unemployment insurance, adding million workers to the system and expanding the size and duration of benefits. We instituted a Job Bank to match jobs with available workers. The efforts of the National Alliance of Businessmen to train and hire the hard-re unemployed were given a new nationwide focus. That organization has also joined with our Jobs for Veterans program in finding employment for returning servicemen. We have worked to open more jobs for women. Through the Philadelphia Plan and other actions, we have expanded equal opportunity in employment for members of minority groups. Summer jobs for disadvantaged youths went up by one-third last summer. And on July of last year I signed the Emergency Employment Act of , providing more than , jobs in the public sector. In the manpower field, as in others, there is also an important unfinished agenda. At the top of this list is my Special Revenue Sharing program for manpower--a bill which would provide more Federal dollars for manpower training while increasing substantially the impact of each dollar by allowing States and cities to tailor training to local labor nditions. My welfare reform proposals are also pertinent in this ntext, since they are built around the goal of moving people from welfare rolls to payrolls. To help in this effort, H.R. would provide transitional opportunities in mmunity service employment for another , persons. The Career Education program can also have an important long-range influence on the way we use our manpower. And so can a major new thrust which I am announcing today to stimulate more imaginative use of America's great strength in science and technology. MARSHALLING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY As we work to build a more productive, more mpetitive, more prosperous America, we will do well to remember the keys to our progress in the past. There have been many, including the mpetitive nature of our free enterprise system; the energy, of our working men and women; and the abundant gifts of nature. One other quality which has always been a key to progress is our special bent for technology, our singular ability to harness the disveries of science in the service of man. At least from the time of Benjamin Franklin, American ingenuity has enjoyed a wide international reputation. We have been known as a people who uld build a better mousetrap"--and this capacity has been one important reason for both our domestic prosperity and our international strength. In recent years, America has focused a large share of its technological energy on projects for defense and for space. These projects have had great value. Defense technology has helped us preserve our freedom and protect the peace. Space technology has enabled us to share unparalleled adventures and to lift our sights beyond earth's bounds. The daily life of the average man has also been improved by much of our defense and space research--for example, by work on radar, jet engines, nuclear reactors, mmunications and weather satellites, and mputers. Defense and space projects have also enabled us to build and maintain our general technological capacity, which--as a result--can now be more readily applied to civilian purposes. America must ntinue with strong and sensible programs of research and development for defense and for space. I have felt for some time, however, that we should also be doing more to apply our scientific and technological genius directly to domestic opportunities. Toward this end, I have already increased our civilian research and development budget by more than percent since and have directed the National Science Foundation to give more attention to this area. I have also reoriented our space program so that it will have even greater domestic benefits. As a part of this effort, I recently announced support for the development of a new earth orbital vehicle that promises to introduce a new era in space research. This vehicle, the space shuttle, is one that can be revered and used again and again, lowering significantly both the st and the risk of space operations. The space shuttle would also open new opportunities in fields such as weather forecasting, domestic and international mmunications, the monitoring of natural resources, and air traffic safety. The space shuttle is a wise national investment. I urge the Congress to approve this plan so that we can realize these substantial enomies and these substantial benefits. Over the last several months, this administration has undertaken a major review of both the problems and the opportunities for American technology. Leading scientists and researchers from our universities and from industry have ntributed to this study. One important nclusion we have reached is that much more needs to be known about the process of stimulating and applying research and development. In some cases, for example, the barriers to progress are financial. In others they are technical. In still other instances, customs, habits, laws, and regulations are the chief obstacles. We need to learn more about all these nsiderations-and we intend to do so. One immediate step in this effort will be the White House Conference on the Industrial World Ahead which will nvene next month and will devote nsiderable attention to research and development questions. But while our knowledge in this field is still modest, there are nevertheless a number of important new steps which we can take at this time. I will soon present specific remmendations for such steps in a special message to the Congress. Among these proposals will be an increase next year of million in civilian research and development spending, a percent increase over last year's level and a percent increase over . We will place new emphasis on operation with private research and development, including new experimental programs for st sharing and for technology transfers from the public to the private sector. Our program will include special incentives for smaller high technology firms, which have an excellent rerd of st effectiveness. In addition, our Federal agencies which are highly oriented toward technology, such as the Atomic Energy Commission and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--will work more closely with agencies which have a primary social mission. For example, our outstanding capabilities in space technology should be used to help the Department of Transportation develop better mass transportation systems. As has been said so often in the last years, a nation that can send three people across , miles of space to the moon should also be able to send , people miles across a city to work. "Finally, we will seek to set clear and intelligent targets for research and development, so that our resources can be focused on projects where an extra effort is most likely to produce a breakthrough and where the breakthrough is most likely to make a difference in our lives. Our initial efforts will include new or accelerated activities aimed at:   --creating new sources of clean and abundant energy;   --developing safe, fast, pollution-free transportation;   --reducing the loss of life and property from earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters;" "--developing effective emergency health care systems which uld lead to the saving of as many as , lives each year;   --finding new ways to curb drug traffic and rehabilitate drug users.   And these are only the beginning." I cannot predict exactly where each of these new thrusts will eventually lead us in the years ahead. But I can say with assurance that the program I have outlined will open new employment opportunities for American workers, increase the productivity of the American enomy, and expand foreign markets for American goods. I can also predict with nfidence that this program will enhance our standard of living and improve the quality of our lives. Science and technology represent an enormous power in our life--and a unique opportunity. It is now for us to decide whether we will waste these magnificent energies--or whether we will use them to create a better world for ourselves and for our children. A GROWING AGENDA FOR ACTION The danger in presenting any substantial statement of ncerns and requests is that any subject which is omitted from the list may for that reason be regarded as unimportant. I hope the Congress will vigorously resist any such suggestions, for there are many other important proposals before the House and the Senate which also deserve attention and enactment. I think, for example, of our program for the District of Columbia. In addition to proposals already before the Congress, I will soon submit additional legislation outlining a special balanced program of physical and social development for the Nation's capital as part of our Bicentennial celebration. In this and other ways, we can make that celebration both a fitting mmemoration of our revolutionary origins and a bold further step to fulfill their promise. I think, too, of our program to help small businessmen, of our proposals ncerning mmunications, of our remmendations involving the nstruction of public buildings, and of our program for the arts and humanities--where the proposed new budget is times the level of years ago. In all, some pieces of major legislation which I have remmended to the Congress still await action. And that list is growing longer. It is now for the Congress to decide whether this agenda represents the beginning of new progress for America--or simply another false start. THIS NEED FOR REASON AND REALISM I have vered many subjects in this message. Clearly, our challenges are many and mplex. But that is the way things must be for responsible government in our diverse and mplicated world. We can choose, of urse, to retreat from this world, pretending that our problems can be solved merely by trusting in a new philosophy, a single personality, or a simple formula. But such a retreat can only add to our difficulties and our disillusion. If we are to be equal to the mplexity of our times we must learn to move on many fronts and to keep many mmitments. We must learn to reckon our success not by how much we start but by how much we finish. We must learn to be tenacious. We must learn to persevere. If we are to master our moment, we must first be masters of ourselves. We must respond to the call which has been a central theme of this message--the call to reason and to realism. To meet the challenge of mplexity we must also learn to disperse and decentralize power--at home and abroad-allowing more people in more places to release their creative energies. We must remember that the greatest resource for good in this world is the power of the people themselves--not moving in lockstep to the mmands of the few--but providing their own discipline and disvering their own destiny. Above all, we must not lose our capacity to dream, to see, amid the realities of today, the possibilities for tomorrow. And then--if we believe in our dreams--we also must wake up and work for them. "RICHARD NIXON   THE WHITE HOUSE,   January , ." Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, my lleagues in the Congress, our distinguished guests, my fellow Americans: "As this d Congress begins its session, America has lost a great Senator, and all of us who had the privilege to know him have lost a loyal friend. I had the privilege of visiting Senator Russell in the hospital just a few days before he died. He never spoke about himself. He only spoke eloquently about the need for a strong national defense.   In tribute to one of the most magnificent Americans of all time, I respectfully ask that all those here will rise in silent prayer for Senator Russell." [Moment of silence] Thank you. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my formal address, I want to use this opportunity to ngratulate all of those who were winners in the rather spirited ntest for leadership positions in the House and the Senate and, also, to express my ndolences to the losers. I know how both of you feel. And I particularly want to join with all of the Members of the House and the Senate as well in ngratulating the new Speaker of the United States Congress. To those new Members of this House who may have some doubts about the possibilities for advancement in the years ahead, I would remind you that the Speaker and I met just years ago in this Chamber as freshmen Members of the th Congress. As you see, we both have me up in the world a bit since then. Mr. Speaker, this d Congress has a chance to be rerded as the greatest Congress in America's history. In these troubled years just past, America has been going through a long nightmare of war and division, of crime and inflation. Even more deeply, we have gone through a long, dark night of the American spirit. But now that night is ending. Now we must let our spirits soar again. Now we are ready for the lift of a driving dream. The people of this Nation are eager to get on with the quest for new greatness. They see challenges, and they are prepared to meet those challenges. It is for us here to open the doors that will set free again the real greatness of this Nation-the genius of the American people. How shall we meet this challenge? How can we truly open the doors, and set free the full genius of our people? The way in which the d Congress answers these questions will determine its place in history. More importantly, it can determine this Nation's place in history as we enter the third century of our independence. Tonight I shall present to the Congress six great goals. I shall ask not simply for more new programs in the old framework. I shall ask to change the framework of government itself---to reform the entire structure of American government so we can make it again fully responsive to the needs and the wishes of the American people. If we act boldly--if we seize this moment and achieve these goals--we can close the gap between promise and performance in American government. We can bring together the resources of this Nation and the spirit of the American people. In discussing these great goals, I shall deal tonight only with matters on the domestic side of the Nation's agenda. I shall make a separate report to the Congress and the Nation next month on developments in foreign policy. The first of these great goals is already before the Congress. I urge that the unfinished business of the st Congress be made the first priority business of the d Congress. "Over the next weeks, I will call upon Congress to take action on more than pieces of proposed legislation on which action was not mpleted last year.   The most important is welfare reform.   The present welfare system has beme a monstrous, nsuming outrage--an outrage against the mmunity, against the taxpayer, and particularly against the children it is supposed to help." We may honestly disagree, as we do, on what to do about it. But we can all agree that we must meet the challenge, not by pouring more money into a bad program, but by abolishing the present welfare system and adopting a new one. So let us place a floor under the inme of every family with children in America-and without those demeaning, soul-stifling affronts to human dignity that so blight the lives of welfare children today. But let us also establish an effective work incentive and an effective work requirement. Let us provide the means by which more can help themselves. This shall be our goal. Let us generously help those who are not able to help themselves. But let us stop helping those who are able to help themselves but refuse to do so. The send great goal is to achieve what Americans have not enjoyed since --full prosperity in peacetime. The tide of inflation has turned. The rise in the st of living, which had been gathering dangerous momentum in the late sixties, was reduced last year. Inflation will be further reduced this year. But as we have moved from runaway inflation toward reasonable price stability and at the same time as we have been moving from a wartime enomy to a peacetime enomy, we have paid a price in increased unemployment. We should take no mfort from the fact that the level of unemployment in this transition from a wartime to a peacetime enomy is lower than in any peacetime year of the sixties. This is not good enough for the man who is unemployed in the seventies. We must do better for workers in peacetime and we will do better. To achieve this, I will submit an expansionary budget this year--one that will help stimulate the enomy and thereby open up new job opportunities for millions of Americans. It will be a full employment budget, a budget designed to be in balance if the enomy were operating at its peak potential. By spending as if we were at full employment, we will help to bring about full employment. I ask the Congress to accept these expansionary policies--to accept the ncept of a full employment budget. At the same time, I ask the Congress to operate in resisting expenditures that go beyond the limits of the full employment budget. For as we wage a campaign to bring about a widely shared prosperity, we must not reignite the fires of inflation and so undermine that prosperity. With the stimulus and the discipline of a full employment budget, with the mmitment of the independent Federal Reserve System to provide fully for the monetary needs of a growing enomy, and with a much greater effort on the part of labor and management to make their wage and price decisions in the light of the national interest and their own self-interest--then for the worker, the farmer, the nsumer, for Americans everywhere we shall gain the goal of a new prosperity: more jobs, more inme, more profits, without inflation and without war. This is a great goal, and one that we can achieve together. The third great goal is to ntinue the effort so dramatically begun last year: to restore and enhance our natural environment. Building on the foundation laid in the -point program that I submitted to Congress last year, I will propose a strong new set of initiatives to clean up our air and water, to mbat noise, and to preserve and restore our surroundings. I will propose programs to make better use of our land, to enurage a balanced national growth--growth that will revitalize our rural heartland and enhance the quality of life in America. And not only to meet today's needs but to anticipate those of tomorrow, I will put forward the most extensive program ever proposed by a President of the United States to expand the Nation's parks, recreation areas, open spaces, in a way that truly brings parks to the people where the people are. For only if we leave a legacy of parks will the next generation have parks to enjoy. "As a fourth great goal, I will offer a far-reaching set of proposals for improving America's health care and making it available more fairly to more people.   I will propose:   --A program to insure that no American family will be prevented from obtaining basic medical care by inability to pay.   --I will propose a major increase in and redirection of aid to medical schools, to greatly increase the number of doctors and other health personnel.   --Incentives to improve the delivery of health services, to get more medical care resources into those areas that have not been adequately served, to make greater use of medical assistants, and to slow the alarming rise in the sts of medical care.   --New programs to enurage better preventive medicine, by attacking the causes of disease and injury, and by providing incentives to doctors to keep people well rather than just to treat them when they are sick." I will also ask for an appropriation of an extra million to launch an intensive campaign to find a cure for cancer, and I will ask later for whatever additional funds can effectively be used. The time has me in America when the same kind of ncentrated effort that split the atom and took man to the moon should be turned toward nquering this dread disease. Let us make a total national mmitment to achieve this goal. America has long been the wealthiest nation in the world. Now it is time we became the healthiest nation in the world. The fifth great goal is to strengthen and to renew our State and local governments. As we approach our th anniversary in , we remember that this Nation launched itself as a loose nfederation of separate States, without a workable central government. At that time, the mark of its leaders' vision was that they quickly saw the need to balance the separate powers of the States with a government of central powers. And so they gave us a nstitution of balanced powers, of unity with diversity-and so clear was their vision that it survives today as the oldest written nstitution still in force in the world. For almost two centuries since--and dramatically in the 's--at those great turning points when the question has been between the States and the Federal Government, that question has been resolved in favor of a stronger central Federal Government. During this time the Nation grew and the Nation prospered. But one thing history tells us is that no great movement goes in the same direction forever. Nations change, they adapt, or they slowly die. The time has now me in America to reverse the flow of power and resources from the States and mmunities to Washington, and start power and resources flowing back from Washington to the States and mmunities and, more important, to the people all across America. The time has me for a new partnership between the Federal Government and the States and localities--a partnership in which we entrust the States and localities with a larger share of the Nation's responsibilities, and in which we share our Federal revenues with them so that they can meet those responsibilities. To achieve this goal, I propose to the Congress tonight that we enact a plan of revenue sharing historic in spe and bold in ncept. All across America today, States and cities are nfronted with a financial crisis. Some have already been cutting back on essential services---for example, just recently San Diego and Cleveland cut back on trash llections. Most are caught between the prospects of bankruptcy on the one hand and adding to an already crushing tax burden on the other. As one indication of the rising sts of local government, I disvered the other day that my home town of Whittier, California-which has a population of ,--has a larger budget for than the entire Federal budget was in . Now the time has me to take a new direction, and once again to introduce a new and more creative balance to our approach to government. So let us put the money where the needs are. And let us put the power to spend it where the people are. I propose that the Congress make a billion investment in renewing State and local government. Five billion dollars of this will be in new and unrestricted funds to be used as the States and localities see fit. The other billion will be provided by allocating billion of new funds and nverting one-third of the money going to the present narrow-purpose aid programs into Federal revenue sharing funds for six broad purposes for urban development, rural development, education, transportation, job training, and law enforcement but with the States and localities making their own decisions on how it should be spent within each category. For the next fiscal year, this would increase total Federal aid to the States and localities more than percent over the present level. The revenue sharing proposals I send to the Congress will include the safeguards against discrimination that acmpany all other Federal funds allocated to the States. Neither the President nor the Congress nor the nscience of this Nation can permit money which mes from all the people to be used in a way which discriminates against some of the people. The Federal Government will still have a large and vital role to play in achieving our national progress. Established functions that are clearly and essentially Federal in nature will still be performed by the Federal Government. New functions that need to be sponsored or performed by the Federal Government--such as those I have urged tonight in welfare and health--will be added to the Federal agenda. Whenever it makes the best sense for us to act as a whole nation, the Federal Government should and will lead the way. But where States or local governments can better do what needs to be done, let us see that they have the resources to do it there. "Under this plan, the Federal Government will provide the States and localities with more money and less interference-and by cutting down the interference the same amount of money will go a lot further.   Let us share our resources." "Let us share them to rescue the States and localities from the brink of financial crisis.   Let us share them to give homeowners and wage earners a chance to escape from ever-higher property taxes and sales taxes." Let us share our resources for two other reasons as well. "The first of these reasons has to do with government itself, and the send has to do it, h each of us, with the individual.   Let s face it. Most Americans today are simply fed up with government at all levels. They will not--and they should not--ntinue to tolerate the gap between promise and performance in government." The fact is that we have made the Federal Government so strong it grows muscle-bound and the States and localities so weak they approach impotence. If we put more power in more places, we can make government more creative in more places. That way we multiply the number of people with the ability to make things happen--and we can open the way to a new burst of creative energy throughout America. The final reason I urge this historic shift is much more personal, for each and for every one of us. As everything seems to have grown bigger and more mplex in America, as the forces that shape our lives seem to have grown more distant and more impersonal, a great feeling of frustration has crept across this land. Whether it is the workingman who feels neglected, the black man who feels oppressed, or the mother ncerned about her children, there has been a growing feeling that Things are in the saddle, and ride mankind." Millions of frustrated young Americans today are crying out--asking not what will government do for me, but what can I do, how can I ntribute, how can I matter? And so let us answer them. Let us say to them and let us say to all Americans, We hear you. We will give you a chance. We are going to give you a new chance to have more to say about the decisions that affect your future--a chance to participate in government--because we are going to provide more centers of power where what you do can make a difference that you can see and feel in your own life and the life of your whole mmunity." The further away government is from people, the stronger government bemes and the weaker people beme. And a nation with a strong government and a weak people is an empty shell. I reject the patronizing idea that government in Washington, D.C is inevitably more wise, more honest, and more efficient than government at the local or State level. The honesty and efficiency of government depends on people. Government at all levels has good people and bad people. And the way to get more good people into government is to give them more opportunity to do good things. The idea that a bureaucratic elite in Washington knows best what is best for people everywhere and that you cannot trust local governments is really a ntention that you cannot trust people to govern themselves. This notion is mpletely foreign to the American experience. Local government is the government closest to the people, it is most responsive to the individual person. It is people's government in a far more intimate way than the Government in Washington can ever be. People came to America because they wanted to determine their own future rather than to live in a untry where others determined their future for them. What this change means is that once again in America we are placing our trust in people. I have faith in people. I trust the judgment of people. Let us give the people of America a chance, a bigger voice in deciding for themselves those questions that so greatly affect their lives. The sixth great goal is a mplete reform of the Federal Government itself. Based on a long and intensive study with the aid of the best advice obtainable, I have ncluded that a sweeping reorganization of the executive branch is needed if the Government is to keep up with the times and with the needs of the people. I propose, therefore, that we reduce the present Cabinet Departments to eight. "I propose that the Departments of State, Treasury, Defense, and Justice remain, but that all the other departments be nsolidated into four: Human Resources, Community Development, Natural Resources, and Enomic Development.   Let us look at what these would be:   --First, a department dealing with the ncerns of people--as individuals, as members of a family--a department focused on human needs.   --Send, a department ncerned with the mmunity--rural mmunities and urban mmunities-and with all that it takes to make a mmunity function as a mmunity.   --Third, a department ncerned with our physical environment, with the preservation and balanced use of those great natural resources on which our Nation depends.   --And fourth, a department ncerned with our prosperity--with our jobs, our businesses, and those many activities that keep our enomy running smoothly and well." Under this plan, rather than dividing up our departments by narrow subjects, we would organize them around the great purposes of government. Rather than scattering responsibility by adding new levels of bureaucracy, we would focus and ncentrate the responsibility for getting problems solved. With these four departments, when we have a problem we will know where to go--and the department will have the authority and the resources to do something about it. Over the years we have added departments and created agencies at the Federal level, each to serve a new nstituency, to handle a particular task--and these have grown and multiplied in what has beme a hopeless nfusion of form and function. The time has me to match our structure to our purposes---to look with a fresh eye, to organize the Government by nscious, mprehensive design to meet the new needs of a new era. One hundred years ago, Abraham Linln stood on a battlefield and spoke of a government of the people, by the people, for the people." Too often since then, we have beme a nation of the Government, by the Government, for the Government. By enacting these reforms, we can renew that principle that Linln stated so simply and so well. By giving everyone's voice a chance to be heard, we will have government that truly is of the people. By creating more centers of meaningful power, more places where decisions that really unt can be made, by giving more people a chance to do something, we can have government that truly is by the people. And by setting up a mpletely modern, functional system of government at the national level, we in Washington will at last be able to provide government that is truly for the people. I realize that what I am asking is that not only the executive branch in Washington but that even this Congress will have to change by giving up some of its power. Change is hard. But without change there can be no progress. And for each of us the question then bemes, not Will change cause me innvenience?" but Will change bring progress for America?" Giving up power is hard. But I would urge all of you, as leaders of this untry, to remember that the truly revered leaders in world history are those who gave power to people, and not those who took it away. As we nsider these reforms we will be acting, not for the next years or for the next years, but for the next years. So let us approach these six great goals with a sense not only of this moment in history but also of history itself. Let us act with the willingness to work together and the vision and the boldness and the urage of those great Americans who met in Philadelphia almost years ago to write a nstitution. Let us leave a heritage as they did--not just for our children but for millions yet unborn--of a nation where every American will have a chance not only to live in peace and to enjoy prosperity and opportunity but to participate in a system of government where he knows not only his votes but his ideas unt--a system of government which will provide the means for America to reach heights of achievement undreamed of before. Those men who met at Philadelphia left a great heritage because they had a vision--not only of what the Nation was but of what it uld beme. As I think of that vision, I recall that America was founded as the land of the open door--as a haven for the oppressed, a land of opportunity, a place of refuge, of hope. When the first settlers opened the door of America three and a half centuries ago, they came to escape persecution and to find opportunity--and they left wide the door of welme for others to follow. When the Thirteen Colonies declared their independence almost two centuries ago, they opened the door to a new vision of liberty and of human fulfillment--not just for an elite but for all. To the generations that followed, America's was the open door that beckoned millions from the old world to the new in search of a better life, a freer life, a fuller life, and in which, by their own decisions, they uld shape their own destinies. For the black American, the Indian, the Mexican-American, and for those others in our land who have not had an equal chance, the Nation at last has begun to nfront the need to press open the door of full and equal opportunity, and of human dignity. For all Americans, with these changes I have proposed tonight we can open the door to a new era of opportunity. We can open the door to full and effective participation in the decisions that affect their lives. We can open the door to a new partnership among governments at all levels, between those governments and the people themselves. And by so doing, we can open wide the doors of human fulfillment for millions of people here in America now and in the years to me. In the next few weeks I will spell out in greater detail the way I propose that we achieve these six great goals. I ask this Congress to be responsive. If it is, then the d Congress, your Congress, our Congress, at the end of its term, will be able to look back on a rerd more splendid than any in our history. This can be the Congress that helped us end the longest war in the Nation's history, and end it in a way that will give us at last a genuine chance to enjoy what we have not had in this century: a full generation of peace. This can be the Congress that helped achieve an expanding enomy, with full employment and without inflation--and without the deadly stimulus of war. This can be the Congress that reformed a welfare system that has robbed recipients of their dignity and robbed States and cities of their resources. This can be the Congress that pressed forward the rescue of our environment, and established for the next generation an enduring legacy of parks for the people. This can be the Congress that launched a new era in American medicine, in which the quality of medical care was enhanced while the sts were made less burdensome. But above all, what this Congress can be remembered for is opening the way to a new American revolution--a peaceful revolution in which power was turned back to the people--in which government at all levels was refreshed and renewed and made truly responsive. This can be a revolution as profound, as far-reaching, as exciting as that first revolution almost years ago--and it can mean that just years from now America will enter its third century as a young nation new in spirit, with all the vigor and the freshness with which it began its first century. My lleagues in the Congress, these are great goals. They can make the sessions of this Congress a great moment for America. So let us pledge together to go forward together--by achieving these goals to give America the foundation today for a new greatness tomorrow and in all the years to me, and in so doing to make this the greatest Congress in the history of this great and good untry. Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, my lleagues in the Congress, our distinguished guests and my fellow Americans: To address a joint session of the Congress in this great Chamber in which I was once privileged to serve is an honor for which I am deeply grateful. The State of the Union Address is traditionally an occasion for a lengthy and detailed acunt by the President of what he has acmplished in the past, what he wants the Congress to do in the future, and, in an election year, to lay the basis for the political issues which might be decisive in the fall. Occasionally there mes a time when profound and far-reaching events mmand a break with tradition. This is such a time. I say this not only because marks the beginning of a new decade in which America will celebrate its th birthday. I say it because new knowledge and hard experience argue persuasively that both our programs and our institutions in America need to be reformed. The moment has arrived to harness the vast energies and abundance of this land to the creation of a new American experience, an experience richer and deeper and more truly a reflection of the goodness and grace of the human spirit. The seventies will be a time of new beginnings, a time of exploring both on the earth and in the heavens, a time of disvery. But the time has also me for emphasis on developing better ways of managing what we have and of mpleting what man's genius has begun but left unfinished. Our land, this land that is ours together, is a great and a good land. It is also an unfinished land, and the challenge of perfecting it is the summons of the seventies. It is in that spirit that I address myself to those great issues facing our Nation which are above partisanship. When we speak of America's priorities the first priority must always be peace for America and the world. The major immediate goal of our foreign policy is to bring an end to the war in Vietnam in a way that our generation will be remembered not so much as the generation that suffered in war, but more for the fact that we had the urage and character to win the kind of a just peace that the next generation was able to keep. We are making progress toward that goal. The prospects for peace are far greater today than they were a year ago. A major part of the credit for this development goes to the Members of this Congress who, despite their differences on the nduct of the war, have overwhelmingly indicated their support of a just peace. By this action, you have mpletely demolished the enemy's hopes that they can gain in Washington the victory our fighting men have denied them in Vietnam. No goal uld be greater than to make the next generation the first in this century in which America was at peace with every nation in the world. I shall discuss in detail the new ncepts and programs designed to achieve this goal in a separate report on foreign policy, which I shall submit to the Congress at a later date. Today, let me describe the directions of our new policies. We have based our policies on an evaluation of the world as it is, not as it was years ago at the nclusion of World War II. Many of the policies which were necessary and fight then are obsolete today. Then, because of America's overwhelming military and enomic strength, because of the weakness of other major free world powers and the inability of sres of newly independent nations to defend, or even govern, themselves, America had to assume the major burden for the defense of freedom in the world. In two wars, first in Korea and now in Vietnam, we furnished most of the money, most of the arms, most of the men to help other nations defend their freedom. Today the great industrial nations of Europe, as well as Japan, have regained their enomic strength; and the nations of Latin America--and many of the nations who acquired their freedom from lonialism after World War II in Asia and Africa--have a new sense of pride and dignity and a determination to assume the responsibility for their own defense. "That is the basis of the doctrine I announced at Guam.   Neither the defense nor the development of other nations can be exclusively or primarily an American undertaking."  See volume, Item . The nations of each part of the world should assume the primary responsibility for their own well-being; and they themselves should determine the terms of that well-being. We shall be faithful to our treaty mmitments, but we shall reduce our involvement and our presence in other nations' affairs. To insist that other nations play a role is not a retreat from responsibility; it is a sharing of responsibility. The result of this new policy has been not to weaken our alliances, but to give them new life, new strength, a new sense of mmon purpose. Relations with our European allies are once again strong and healthy, based on mutual nsultation and mutual responsibility. We have initiated a new approach to Latin America in which we deal with those nations as partners rather than patrons. The new partnership ncept has been welmed in Asia. We have developed an historic new basis for Japanese-American friendship and operation, which is the linchpin for peace in the Pacific. If we are to have peace in the last third of the century, a major factor will be the development of a new relationship between the United States and the Soviet Union. I would not underestimate our differences, but we are moving with precision and purpose from an era of nfrontation to an era of negotiation. Our negotiations on strategic arms limitations and in other areas will have far greater chance for success if both sides enter them motivated by mutual self-interest rather than naive sentimentality. It is with this same spirit that we have resumed discussions with Communist China in our talks at Warsaw. Our ncern in our relations with both these nations is to avoid a catastrophic llision and to build a solid basis for peaceful settlement of our differences. I would be the last to suggest that the road to peace is not difficult and dangerous, but I believe our new policies have ntributed to the prospect that America may have the best chance since World War II to enjoy a generation of uninterrupted peace. And that chance will be enormously increased if we ntinue to have a relationship between Congress and the Executive in which, despite differences in detail, where the security of America and the peace of mankind are ncerned, we act not as Republicans, not as Democrats, but as Americans. As we move into the decade of the seventies, we have the greatest opportunity for progress at home of any people in world history. Our gross national product will increase by billion in the next years. This increase alone is greater than the entire growth of the American enomy from to . The critical question is not whether we will grow, but how we will use that growth. The decade of the sixties was also a period of great growth enomically. But in that same -year period we witnessed the greatest growth of crime, the greatest increase in inflation, the greatest social unrest in America in years. Never has a nation seemed to have had more and enjoyed it less. At heart, the issue is the effectiveness of government. Ours has beme--as it ntinues to be, and should remain--a society of large expectations. Government helped to generate these expectations. It undertook to meet them. Yet, increasingly, it proved unable to do so. As a people, we had too many visions-and too little vision. Now, as we enter the seventies, we should enter also a great age of reform of the institutions of American government. Our purpose in this period should not be simply better management of the programs of the past. The time has me for a new quest--a quest not for a greater quantity of what we have, but for a new quality of life in America. "A major part of the substance for an unprecedented advance in this Nation's approach to its problems and opportunities is ntained in more than two sre legislative proposals which I sent to the Congress last year and which still await enactment.   I will offer at least a dozen more major programs in the urse of this session." At this point I do not intend to through a detailed listing of what I have proposed or will propose, but I would like to mention three areas in which urgent priorities demand that we move and move now: First, we cannot delay longer in acmplishing a total reform of our welfare system. When a system penalizes work, breaks up homes, robs recipients of dignity, there is no alternative to abolishing that system and adopting in its place the program of inme support, job training, and work incentives which I remmended to the Congress last year. Send, the time has me to assess and reform all of our institutions of government at the Federal, State, and local level. It is time for a New Federalism, in which, after years of power flowing from the people and local and State governments to Washington, D.C it will begin to flow from Washington back to the States and to the people of the United States. Third, we must adopt reforms which will expand the range of opportunities for all Americans. We can fulfill the American dream only when each person has a fair chance to fulfill his own dreams. This means equal voting rights, equal employment opportunity, and new opportunities for expanded ownership. Because in order to be secure in their human rights, people need access to property rights. I uld give similar examples of the need for reform in our programs for health, education, housing, transportation, as well as other critical areas which directly affect the well-being of millions of Americans. The people of the United States should wait no longer for these reforms that would so deeply enhance the quality of their life. When I speak of actions which would be beneficial to the American people, I can think of none more important than for the Congress to join this administration in the battle to stop the rise in the st of living. Now, I realize it is tempting to blame someone else for inflation. Some blame business for raising prices. Some blame unions for asking for more wages. But a review of the stark fiscal facts of the 's clearly demonstrates where the primary blame for rising prices must be placed. In the decade of the sixties the Federal Government spent billion more than it took in in taxes. In that same decade the American people paid the bill for that deficit in price increases which raised the st of living for the average family of four by per month in America. Now millions of Americans are forced to go into debt today because the Federal Government decided to go into debt yesterday. We must balance our Federal budget so that American families will have a better chance to balance their family budgets. "Only with the operation of the Congress can we meet this highest priority objective of responsible government. We are on the right track.   We had a balanced budget in . This administration cut more than billion out of spending plans in order to produce a surplus in , and in spite of the fact that Congress reduced revenues by billion, I shall remmend a balanced budget for ." But I can assure you that not only to present, but to stay within, a balanced budget requires some very hard decisions. It means rejecting spending programs which would benefit some of the people when their net effect would result in price increases for all the people. It is time to quit putting good money into bad programs. Otherwise, we will end up with bad money and bad programs. I regnize the political popularity of spending programs, and particularly in an election year. But unless we stop the rise in prices, the st of living for millions of American families will beme unbearable and government's ability to plan programs for progress for the future will beme impossible. In referring to budget cuts, there is one area where I have ordered an increase rather than a cut--and that is the requests of those agencies with the responsibilities for law enforcement. We have heard a great deal of overblown rhetoric during the sixties in which the word war" has perhaps too often been used--the war on poverty, the war on misery, the war on disease, the war on hunger. But if there is one area where the word war" is appropriate it is in the fight against crime. We must declare and win the war against the criminal elements which increasingly threaten our cities, our homes, and our lives. We have a tragic example of this problem in the Nation's Capital, for whose safety the Congress and the Executive have the primary responsibility. I doubt if many Members of this Congress who live more than a few blocks from here would dare leave their cars in the Capitol garage and walk home alone tonight. Last year this administration sent to the Congress separate pieces of legislation dealing with organized crime, pornography, street crime, nartics, crime in the District of Columbia. None of these bills has reached my desk for signature. I am nfident that the Congress will act now to adopt the legislation I placed before you last year. We in the Executive have done everything we can under existing law, but new and stronger weapons are needed in that fight. "While it is true that State and local law enforcement agencies are the cutting edge in the effort to eliminate street crime, burglaries, murder, my proposals to you have embodied my belief that the Federal Government should play a greater role in working in partnership with these agencies.   That is why Federal spending for local law enforcement will double that budgeted for ." The primary responsibility for crimes that affect individuals is with local and State rather than with Federal Government. But in the field of organized crime, nartics, pornography, the Federal Government has a special responsibility it should fulfill. And we should make Washington, D.C where we have the primary responsibility, an example to the Nation and the world of respect for law rather than lawlessness. I now turn to a subject which, next to our desire for peace, may well beme the major ncern of the American people in the decade of the seventies. In the next years we shall increase our wealth by percent. The profound question is: Does this mean we will be percent richer in a real sense, percent better off, percent happier? Or does it mean that in the year the President standing in this place will look back on a decade in which percent of our people lived in metropolitan areas choked by traffic, suffocated by smog, poisoned by water, deafened by noise, and terrorized by crime? These are not the great questions that ncern world leaders at summit nferences. But people do not live at the summit. They live in the foothills of everyday experience, and it is time for all of us to ncern ourselves with the way real people live in real life. The great question of the seventies is, shall we surrender to our surroundings, or shall we make our peace with nature and begin to make reparations for the damage we have done to our air, to our land, and to our water? Restoring nature to its natural state is a cause beyond party and beyond factions. It has beme a mmon cause of all the people of this untry. It is a cause of particular ncern to young Americans, because they more than we will reap the grim nsequences of our failure to act on programs which are needed now if we are to prevent disaster later. Clean air, clean water, open spaces-these should once again be the birthright of every American. If we act now, they can be. We still think of air as free. But clean air is not free, and neither is clean water. The price tag on pollution ntrol is high. Through our years of past carelessness we incurred a debt to nature, and now that debt is being called. The program I shall propose to Congress will be the most mprehensive and stly program in this field in America's history. It is not a program for just one year. A year's plan in this field is no plan at all. This is a time to look ahead not a year, but years or years--whatever time is required to do the job. I shall propose to this Congress a billion nationwide clean waters program to put modern municipal waste treatment plants in every place in America where they are needed to make our waters clean again, and do it now. We have the industrial capacity, if we begin now, to build them all within years. This program will get them built within years. As our cities and suburbs relentlessly expand, those priceless open spaces needed for recreation areas accessible to their people are swallowed up--often forever. Unless we preserve these spaces while they are still available, we will have none to preserve. Therefore, I shall propose new financing methods for purchasing open space and parklands now, before they are lost to us. The automobile is our worst polluter of the air. Adequate ntrol requires further advances in engine design and fuel mposition. We shall intensify our research, set increasingly strict standards, and strengthen enforcement procedures-and we shall do it now. We can no longer afford to nsider air and water mmon property, free to be abused by anyone without regard to the nsequences. Instead, we should begin now to treat them as scarce resources, which we are no more free to ntaminate than we are free to throw garbage into our neighbor's yard. This requires mprehensive new regulations. It also requires that, to the extent possible, the price of goods should be made to include the sts of producing and disposing of them without damage to the environment. Now, I realize that the argument is often made that there is a fundamental ntradiction between enomic growth and the quality of life, so that to have one we must forsake the other. The answer is not to abandon growth, but to redirect it. For example, we should turn toward ending ngestion and eliminating smog the same reservoir of inventive genius that created them in the first place. Continued vigorous enomic growth provides us with the means to enrich life itself and to enhance our planet as a place hospitable to man. Each individual must enlist in this fight if it is to be won. It has been said that no matter how many national parks and historical monuments we buy and develop, the truly significant environment for each of us is that in which we spend percent of our time--in our homes, in our places of work, the streets over which we travel. Street litter, rundown parking strips and yards, dilapidated fences, broken windows, smoking automobiles, dingy working places, all should be the object of our fresh view. We have been too tolerant of our surroundings and too willing to leave it to others to clean up our environment. It is time for those who make massive demands on society to make some minimal demands on themselves. Each of us must resolve that each day he will leave his home, his property, the public places of the city or town a little cleaner, a little better, a little more pleasant for himself and those around him. With the help of people we can do anything, and without their help, we can do nothing. In this spirit, together, we can reclaim our land for ours and generations to me. "Between now and the year , over million children will be born in the United States. Where they grow up--and how will, more than any one thing, measure the quality of American life in these years ahead.   This should be a warning to us." For the past years our population has also been growing and shifting. The result is exemplified in the vast areas of rural America emptying out of people and of promise--a third of our unties lost population in the sixties. "The violent and decayed central cities of our great metropolitan mplexes are the most nspicuous area of failure in American life today.   I propose that before these problems beme insoluble, the Nation develop a national growth policy." In the future, government decisions as to where to build highways, locate airports, acquire land, or sell land should be made with a clear objective of aiding a balanced growth for America. In particular, the Federal Government must be in a position to assist in the building of new cities and the rebuilding of old ones. At the same time, we will carry our ncern with the quality of life in America to the farm as well as the suburb, to the village as well as to the city. What rural America needs most is a new kind of assistance. It needs to be dealt with, not as a separate nation, but as part of an overall growth policy for America. We must create a new rural environment which will not only stem the migration to urban centers, but reverse it. If we seize our growth as a challenge, we can make the 's an historic period when by nscious choice we transformed our land into what we want it to beme. America, which has pioneered in the new abundance, and in the new technology, is called upon today to pioneer in meeting the ncerns which have followed in their wake--in turning the wonders of science to the service of man. In the majesty of this great Chamber we hear the echoes of America's history, of debates that rocked the Union and those that repaired it, of the summons to war and the search for peace, of the uniting of the people, the building of a nation. Those echoes of history remind us of our roots and our strengths. They remind us also of that special genius of American democracy, which at one critical turning point after another has led us to spot the new road to the future and given us the wisdom and the urage to take it. As I look down that new road which I have tried to map out today, I see a new America as we celebrate our th anniversary years from now. I see an America in which we have abolished hunger, provided the means for every family in the Nation to obtain a minimum inme, made enormous progress in providing better housing, faster transportation, improved health, and superior education. I see an America in which we have checked inflation, and waged a winning war against crime. I see an America in which we have made great strides in stopping the pollution of our air, cleaning up our water, opening up our parks, ntinuing to explore in space. Most important, I see an America at peace with all the nations of the world. This is not an impossible dream. These goals are all within our reach. In times past, our forefathers had the vision but not the means to achieve such goals. Let it not be rerded that we were the first American generation that had the means but not the vision to make this dream me true. But let us, above all, regnize a fundamental truth. We can be the best clothed, best fed, best housed people in the world, enjoying clean air, clean water, beautiful parks, but we uld still be the unhappiest people in the world without an indefinable spirit--the lift of a driving dream which has made America, from its beginning, the hope of the world. Two hundred years ago this was a new nation of million people, weak militarily, poor enomically. But America meant something to the world then which uld not be measured in dollars, something far more important than military might. Listen to President Thomas Jefferson in : We act not for ourselves alone, but for the whole human race." We had a spiritual quality then which caught the imagination of millions of people in the world. Today, when we are the richest and strongest nation in the world, let it not be rerded that we lack the moral and spiritual idealism which made us the hope of the world at the time of our birth. The demands of us in are even greater than in . It is no longer enough to live and let live. Now we must live and help live. We need a fresh climate in America, one in which a person can breathe freely and breathe in freedom. Our regnition of the truth that wealth and happiness are not the same thing requires us to measure success or failure by new criteria. Even more than the programs I have described today, what this Nation needs is an example from its elected leaders in providing the spiritual and moral leadership which no programs for material progress can satisfy. Above all, let us inspire young Americans with a sense of excitement, a sense of destiny, a sense of involvement, in meeting the challenges we face in this great period of our history. Only then are they going to have any sense of satisfaction in their lives. The greatest privilege an individual can have is to serve in a cause bigger than himself. We have such a cause. How we seize the opportunities I have described today will determine not only our future, but the future of peace and freedom in this world in the last third of the century. May God give us the wisdom, the strength and, above all, the idealism to be worthy of that challenge, so that America can fulfill its destiny of being the world's best hope for liberty, for opportunity, for progress and peace for all peoples. Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the Congress and my fellow Americans For the sixth and the last time, I present to the Congress my assessment of the State of the Union. I shall speak to you tonight about challenge and opportunity--and about the mmitments that all of us have made together that will, if we carry them out, give America our best chance to achieve the kind of great society that we all want. Every President lives, not only with what is, but with what has been and what uld be. Most of the great events in his Presidency are part of a larger sequence extending back through several years and extending back through several other administrations. Urban unrest, poverty, pressures on welfare, education of our people, law enforcement and law and order, the ntinuing crisis in the Middle East, the nflict in Vietnam, the dangers of nuclear war, the great difficulties of dealing with the Communist powers, all have this much in mmon: They and their causes--the causes that gave rise to them--all of these have existed with us for many years. Several Presidents have already sought to try to deal with them. One or more Presidents will try to resolve them or try to ntain them in the years that are ahead of us. "But if the Nation's problems are ntinuing, so are this great Nation's assets: --our enomy, --the democratic system, --our sense of exploration, symbolized most recently by the wonderful flight of the Apollo , in which all Americans took great pride, --the good mmonsense and sound judgment of the American people, and --their essential love of justice." We must not ignore our problems. But neither should we ignore our strengths. Those strengths are available to sustain a President of either party--to support his progressive efforts both at home and overseas. Unfortunately, the departure of an administration does not mean the end of the problems that this administration has faced. The effort to meet the problems must go on, year after year, if the momentum that we have all mounted together in these past years is not to be lost. Although the struggle for progressive change is ntinuous, there are times when a watershed is reached--when there is--if not really a break with the past--at least the fulfillment of many of its oldest hopes, and a stepping forth into a new environment, to seek new goals. I think the past years have been such a time. We have finished a major part of the old agenda. Some of the laws that we wrote have already, in front of our eyes, taken on the flesh of achievement. Medicare that we were unable to pass for so many years is now a part of American life. Voting rights and the voting booth that we debated so long back in the fifties, and the doors to public service, are open at last to all Americans regardless of their lor. Schools and school children all over America tonight are receiving Federal assistance to go to good schools. Preschool education--Head Start--is already here to stay and, I think, so are the Federal programs that tonight are keeping more than a million and a half of the cream of our young people in the lleges and the universities of this untry. Part of the American earth--not only in description on a map, but in the reality of our shores, our hills, our parks, our forests, and our mountains--has been permanently set aside for the American public and for their benefit. And there is more that will be set aside before this administration ends. Five million Americans have been trained for jobs in new Federal programs. I think it is most important that we all realize tonight that this Nation is close to full employment--with less unemployment than we have had at any time in almost years. That is not in theory; that is in fact. Tonight, the unemployment rate is down to . percent. The number of jobs has grown more than / million in the last years. That is more than in all the preceding years. These achievements mpleted the full cycle, from idea to enactment and, finally, to a place in the lives of citizens all across this untry. I wish it were possible to say that everything that this Congress and the administration achieved during this period had already mpleted that cycle. But a great deal of what we have mmitted needs additional funding to beme a tangible realization. Yet the very existence of these mmitments--these promises to the American people, made by this Congress and by the executive branch of the Government--are achievements in themselves, and failure to carry through on our mmitments would be a tragedy for this Nation. This much is certain: No one man or group of men made these mmitments alone. Congress and the executive branch, with their checks and balances, reasoned together and finally wrote them into the law of the land. They now have all the moral force that the American political system can summon when it acts as one. They express America's mmon determination to achieve goals. They imply action. In most cases, you have already begun that action--but it is not fully mpleted, of urse. Let me speak for a moment about these mmitments. I am going to speak in the language which the Congress itself spoke when it passed these measures. I am going to quote from your words. In , Congress declared that improving the quality of urban life is the most critical domestic problem facing the United States." Two years later it affirmed the historic goal of a decent home for every American family." That is your language. Now to meet these mmitments, we must increase our support for the model cities program, where blueprints of change are already being prepared in more than American cities To achieve the goals of the Housing Act of that you have already passed, we should begin this year more than , homes for needy families in the ming fiscal year. Funds are provided in the new budget to do just this. This is almost times-- times--the average rate of the past years. Our cities and our towns are being pressed for funds to meet the needs of their growing populations. So I believe an urban development bank should be created by the Congress. This bank uld obtain resources through the issuance of taxable bonds and it uld then lend these resources at reduced rates to the mmunities throughout the land for schools, hospitals, parks, and other public facilities. Since we enacted the Social Security Act back in , Congress has regnized the necessity to make more adequate provision for aged persons through maternal and child welfare and public health." Those are the words of the Congress--"more adequate." The time has me, I think, to make it more adequate. I believe we should increase social security benefits, and I am so remmending tonight. I am suggesting that there should be an overall increase in benefits of at least percent. Those who receive only the minimum of should get a month. Our Nation, too, is rightfully proud of our medical advances. But we should remember that our untry ranks th among the nations of the world in its infant mortality rate. I think we should assure decent medical care for every expectant mother and for their children during the first year of their life in the United States of America. I think we should protect our children and their families from the sts of catastrophic illness. As we pass on from medicine, I think nothing is clearer to the Congress than the mmitment that the Congress made to end poverty. Congress expressed it well, I think, in , when they said: It is the policy of the United States to eliminate the paradox of poverty in the midst of plenty in this nation." This is the richest nation in the world. The antipoverty program has had many achievements. It also has some failures. But we must not cripple it after only years of trying to solve the human problems that have been with us and have been building up among us for generations. I believe the Congress this year will want to improve the administration of the poverty program by reorganizing portions of it and transferring them to other agencies. I believe, though, it will want to ntinue, until we have broken the back of poverty, the efforts we are now making throughout this land. I believe, and I hope the next administration--I believe they believe--that the key to success in this effort is jobs. It is work for people who want to work. In the budget for fiscal , I shall remmend a total of . billion for our job training program, and that is five times as much as we spent in trying to prepare Americans where they can work to earn their own living. The Nation's mmitment in the field of civil rights began with the Declaration of Independence. They were extended by the th, th, and th amendments. They have been powerfully strengthened by the enactment of three far-reaching civil rights laws within the past years, that this Congress, in its wisdom, passed. On January of this year, the Fair Housing Act of vered over million American homes and apartments. The prohibition against racial discrimination in that act should be remembered and it should be vigorously enforced throughout this land. I believe we should also extend the vital provisions of the Voting Rights Act for another years. In the Safe Streets Act of , Congress determined To assist state and local governments in reducing the incidence of crime." This year I am proposing that the Congress provide the full million that the Congress last year authorized to do just that. I hope the Congress will put the money where the authorization is. I believe this is an essential ntribution to justice and to public order in the United States. I hope these grants can be made to the States and they can be used effectively to reduce the crime rate in this untry. But all of this is only a small part of the total effort that must be made--I think chiefly by the local governments throughout the Nation--if we expect to reduce the toll of crime that we all detest. Frankly, as I leave the Office of the Presidency, one of my greatest disappointments is our failure to secure passage of a licensing and registration act for firearms. I think if we had passed that act, it would have reduced the incidence of crime. I believe that the Congress should adopt such a law, and I hope that it will at a not too distant date. In order to meet our long-standing mmitment to make government as efficient as possible, I believe that we should reorganize our postal system along the lines of the Kappel report. Frederick R. Kappel, Chairman of the Commission on Executive, Legislative and Judicial Salaries. I hope we can all agree that public service should never impose an unreasonable financial sacrifice on able men and women who want to serve their untry. I believe that the remmendations of the Commission on Executive, Legislative and Judicial Salaries are generally sound. Later this week, I shall submit a special message which I reviewed with the leadership this evening ntaining a proposal that has been reduced and has modified the Commission's remmendation to some extent on the ngressional salaries. For Members of Congress, I will remmend the basic mpensation not of the , unanimously remmended by the Kappel Commission and the other distinguished Members, but I shall reduce that , to ,. I will suggest that Congress appropriate a very small additional allowance for official expenses, so that Members will not be required to use their salary increase for essential official business. I would have submitted the Commission's remmendations, except the advice that I received from the leadership--and you usually are nsulted about matters that affect the Congress--was that the Congress would not accept the , remmendation, and if I expected my remmendation to be seriously nsidered, I should make substantial reductions. That is the only reason I didn't go along with the Kappel report. In remmended to the Congress a fair and impartial random selection system for the draft. I submit it again tonight for your most respectful nsideration. I know that all of us regnize that most of the things we do to meet all of these mmitments I talk about will st money. If we maintain the strong rate of growth that we have had in this untry for the past years, I think we shall generate the resources that we need to meet these mmitments. We have already been able to increase our support for major social programs--although we have heard a lot about not being able to do anything on the home front because of Vietnam; but we have been able in the last years to increase our mmitments for such things as health and education from billion in to billion in the ming fiscal year. That is more than double. That is more than it has ever been increased in the years of this Republic, notwithstanding Vietnam. We must ntinue to budget our resources and budget them responsibly in a way that will preserve our prosperity and will strengthen our dollar. Greater revenues and the reduced Federal spending required by Congress last year have changed the budgetary picture dramatically since last January when we made our estimates. At that time, you will remember that we estimated we would have a deficit of billion. Well, I am glad to report to you tonight that the fiscal year ending June , , this June, we are going to have not a deficit, but we are going to have a . billion surplus. You will receive the budget tomorrow. The budget for the next fiscal year, that begins July --which you will want to examine very carefully in the days ahead--will provide a . billion surplus. This budget anticipates the extension of the surtax that Congress enacted last year. I have mmunicated with the President-elect, Mr. Nixon, in nnection with this policy of ntinuing the surtax for the time being. I want to tell you that both of us want to see it removed just as soon as circumstances will permit, but the President-elect has told me that he has ncluded that until his administration, and this Congress, can examine the appropriation bills, and each item in the budget, and can ascertain that the facts justify permitting the surtax to expire or to be reduced, he, Mr. Nixon, will support my remmendation that the surtax be ntinued. Americans, I believe, are united in the hope that the Paris talks will bring an early peace to Vietnam. And if our hopes for an early settlement of the war are realized, then our military expenditures can be reduced and very substantial savings can be made to be used for other desirable purposes, as the Congress may determine. In any event, I think it is imperative that we do all that we responsibly can to resist inflation while maintaining our prosperity. I think all Americans know that our prosperity is broad and it is deep, and it has brought rerd profits, the highest in our history, and rerd wages. Our gross national product has grown more in the last years than any other period in our Nation's history. Our wages have been the highest. Our profits have been the best. This prosperity has enabled millions to escape the poverty that they would have otherwise had the last few years. I think also you will be very glad to hear that the Secretary of the Treasury informs me tonight that in in our balance of payments we have achieved a surplus. It appears that we have, in fact, done better this year than we have done in any year in this regard since the year . The quest for a durable peace, I think, has absorbed every administration since the end of World War II. It has required us to seek a limitation of arms races not only among the superpowers, but among the smaller nations as well. We have joined in the test ban treaty of , the outer space treaty of , and the treaty against the spread of nuclear weapons in . This latter agreement--the nonproliferation treaty--is now pending in the Senate and it has been pending there since last July. In my opinion, delay in ratifying it is not going to be helpful to the cause of peace. America took the lead in negotiating this treaty and America should now take steps to have it approved at the earliest possible date. Until a way can be found to scale down the level of arms among the superpowers, mankind cannot view the future without fear and great apprehension. So, I believe that we should resume the talks with the Soviet Union about limiting offensive and defensive missile systems. I think they would already have been resumed except for Czechoslovakia and our election this year. It was more than years ago that we embarked on a program of trying to aid the developing nations. We knew then that we uld not live in good nscience as a rich enclave on an earth that was seething in misery. During these years there have been great advances made under our program, particularly against want and hunger, although we are disappointed at the appropriations last year. We thought they were woefully inadequate. This year I am asking for adequate funds for enomic assistance in the hope that we can further peace throughout the world. I think we must ntinue to support efforts in regional operation. Among those efforts, that of Western Europe has a very special place in America's ncern. The only urse that is going to permit Europe to play the great world role that its resources permit is to go forward to unity. I think America remains ready to work with a united Europe, to work as a partner on the basis of equality. "For the future, the quest for peace, I believe, requires: --that we maintain the liberal trade policies that have helped us beme the leading nation in world trade, --that we strengthen the international monetary system as an instrument of world prosperity, and --that we seek areas of agreement with the Soviet Union where the interests of both nations and the interests of world peace are properly served." The strained relationship between us and the world's leading Communist power has not ended--especially in the light of the brutal invasion of Czechoslovakia. But totalitarianism is no less odious to us because we are able to reach some acmmodation that reduces the danger of world catastrophe. What we do, we do in the interest of peace in the world. We earnestly hope that time will bring a Russia that is less afraid of diversity and individual freedom. The quest for peace tonight ntinues in Vietnam, and in the Paris talks. I regret more than any of you know that it has not been possible to restore peace to South Vietnam. The prospects, I think, for peace are better today than at any time since North Vietnam began its invasion with its regular forces more than years ago. The free nations of Asia know what they were not sure of at that time: that America cares about their freedom, and it also cares about America's own vital interests in Asia and throughout the Pacific. The North Vietnamese know that they cannot achieve their aggressive purposes by force. There may be hard fighting before a settlement is reached; but, I can assure you, it will yield no victory to the Communist cause. I cannot speak to you tonight about Vietnam without paying a very personal tribute to the men who have carried the battle out there for all of us. I have been honored to be their Commander in Chief. The Nation owes them its unstinting support while the battle ntinues--and its enduring gratitude when their service is done. Finally, the quest for stable peace in the Middle East goes on in many capitals tonight. America fully supports the unanimous resolution of the U.N. Security Council which points the way. There must be a settlement of the armed hostility that exists in that region of the world today. It is a threat not only to Israel and to all the Arab States, but it is a threat to every one of us and to the entire world as well. Now, my friends in Congress, I want to nclude with a few very personal words to you. I rejected and rejected and then finally accepted the ngressional leadership's invitation to me here to speak this farewell to you in person tonight. I did that for two reasons. One was philosophical. I wanted to give you my judgment, as I saw it, on some of the issues before our Nation, as I view them, before I leave. The other was just pure sentimental. Most all of my life as a public official has been spent here in this building. For years-since I worked on that gallery as a doorkeeper in the House of Representatives--I have known these halls, and I have known most of the men pretty well who walked them. I know the questions that you face. I know the nflicts that you endure. I know the ideals that you seek to serve. I left here first to beme Vice President, and then to beme, in a moment of tragedy, the President of the United States. My term of office has been marked by a series of challenges, both at home and throughout the world. In meeting some of these challenges, the Nation has found a new nfidence. In meeting others, it knew turbulence and doubt, and fear and hate. Throughout this time, I have been sustained by my faith in representative democracy--a faith that I had learned here in this Capitol Building as an employee and as a Congressman and as a Senator. I believe deeply in the ultimate purposes of this Nation--described by the Constitution, tempered by history, embodied in progressive laws, and given life by men and women that have been elected to serve their fellow citizens. Now for most demanding years in the White House, I have been strengthened by the unsel and the operation of two great former Presidents, Harry S. Truman and Dwight David Eisenhower. I have been guided by the memory of my pleasant and close association with the beloved John F. Kennedy, and with our greatest modern legislator, Speaker Sam Rayburn. I have been assisted by my friend every step of the way, Vice President Hubert Humphrey. I am so grateful that I have been supported daily by the loyalty of Speaker McCormack and Majority Leader Albert. I have benefited from the wisdom of Senator Mike Mansfield, and I am sure that I have avoided many dangerous pitfalls by the good mmonsense unsel of the President Pro Tem of the Senate, Senator Richard Brevard Russell. I have received the most generous operation from the leaders of the Republican Party in the Congress of the United States, Senator Dirksen and Congressman Gerald Ford, the Minority Leader. No President should ask for more, although I did upon occasions. But few Presidents have ever been blessed with so much. President-elect Nixon, in the days ahead, is going to need your understanding, just as I did. And he is entitled to have it. I hope every Member will remember that the burdens he will bear as our President, will be borne for all of us. Each of us should try not to increase these burdens for the sake of narrow personal or partisan advantage. Now, it is time to leave. I hope it may be said, a hundred years from now, that by working together we helped to make our untry more just, more just for all of its people, as well as to insure and guarantee the blessings of liberty for all of our posterity. That is what I hope. But I believe that at least it will be said that we tried. [Delivered in person before a joint session at : p.m.] Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the Congress, and my fellow Americans: "I was thinking as I was walking down the aisle tonight of what Sam Rayburn told me many years ago: The Congress always extends a very warm welme to the President-as he mes in.   Thank all of you very, very much." I have me once again to this Chamber-the home of our democracy--to give you, as the Constitution requires, Information of the State of the Union." "I report to you that our untry is challenged, at home and abroad:   --that it is our will that is being tried, not our strength; our sense of purpose, not our ability to achieve a better America;" --that we have the strength to meet our every challenge; the physical strength to hold the urse of decency and mpassion at home; and the moral strength to support the cause of peace in the world. "And I report to you that I believe, with abiding nviction, that this people--nurtured by their deep faith, tutored by their hard lessons, moved by their high aspirations-have the will to meet the trials that these times impose.   Since I reported to you last January:   --Three elections have been held in Vietnam--in the midst of war and under the nstant threat of violence.   --A President, a Vice President, a House and Senate, and village officials have been chosen by popular, ntested ballot." "--The enemy has been defeated in battle after battle.   --The number of South Vietnamese living in areas under Government protection tonight has grown by more than a million since January of last year.   These are all marks of progress. Yet:   --The enemy ntinues to pour men and material across frontiers and into battle,   despite his ntinuous heavy losses.   --He ntinues to hope that America's will to persevere can be broken. Well--he is wrong. America will persevere. Our patience and our perseverance will match our power. Aggression will never prevail." But our goal is peace--and peace at the earliest possible moment. Right now we are exploring the meaning of Hanoi's recent statement. There is no mystery about the questions which must be answered before the bombing is stopped. "We believe that any talks should follow the San Antonio formula that I stated last September, which said:   --The bombing would stop immediately if talks would take place promptly and with reasonable hopes that they would be productive.   --And the other side must not take advantage of our restraint as they have in the past. This Nation simply cannot accept anything less without jeopardizing the lives of our men and of our allies." If a basis for peace talks can be established on the San Antonio foundations--and it is my hope and my prayer that they can--we would nsult with our allies and with the other side to see if a mplete cessation of hostilities--a really true cease-fire--uld be made the first order of business. I will report at the earliest possible moment the results of these explorations to the American people. I have just recently returned from a very fruitful visit and talks with His Holiness the Pope and I share his hope--as he expressed it earlier today--that both sides will extend themselves in an effort to bring an end to the war in Vietnam. I have today assured him that we and our allies will do our full part to bring this about. "Since I spoke to you last January, other events have occurred that have major nsequences for world peace.   --The Kennedy Round achieved the greatest reduction in tariff barriers in all the history of trade negotiations.   --The nations of Latin America at Punta del Este resolved to move toward enomic integration." "--In Asia, the nations from Korea and Japan to Indonesia and Singapore worked behind America's shield to strengthen their enomies and to broaden their political operation.   --In Africa, from which the distinguished Vice President has just returned, he reports to me that there is a spirit of regional operation that is beginning to take hold in very practical ways." "These events we all welmed. Yet since I last reported to you, we and the world have been nfronted by a number of crises:   --During the Arab-Israeli war last June, the hot line between Washington and Mosw was used for the first time in our history. A cease-fire was achieved without a major power nfrontation." "Now the nations of the Middle East have the opportunity to operate with Ambassador Jarring's U.N. mission and they have the responsibility to find the terms of living together in stable peace and dignity, and we shall do all in our power to help them achieve that result.   --Not far from this scene of nflict, a crisis flared on Cyprus involving two peoples who are America's friends: Greece and Turkey. Our very able representative, Mr. Cyrus Vance, and others helped to ease this tension." "--Turmoil ntinues on the mainland of China after a year of violent disruption. The radical extremism of their Government has isolated the Chinese people behind their own borders. The United States, however, remains willing to permit the travel of journalists to both our untries; to undertake cultural and educational exchanges; and to talk about the exchange of basic food crop materials.   Since I spoke to you last, the United States and the Soviet Union have taken several important steps toward the goal of international operation." As you will remember, I met with Chairman Kosygin at Glassboro and we achieved if not acrd, at least a clearer understanding of our respective positions after days of meeting. Because we believe the nuclear danger must be narrowed, we have worked with the Soviet Union and with other nations to reach an agreement that will halt the spread of nuclear weapons. On the basis of mmunications from Ambassador Fisher in Geneva this afternoon, I am enuraged to believe that a draft treaty can be laid before the nference in Geneva in the very near future. I hope to be able to present that treaty to the Senate this year for the Senate's approval. We achieved, in , a nsular treaty with the Soviets, the first mmercial air agreement between the two untries, and a treaty banning weapons in outer space. We shall sign, and submit to the Senate shortly, a new treaty with the Soviets and with others for the protection of astronauts. Serious differences still remain between us, yet in these relations, we have made some progress since Vienna, the Berlin Wall, and the Cuban missile crisis. But despite this progress, we must maintain a military force that is capable of deterring any threat to this Nation's security, whatever the mode of aggression. Our choices must not be nfined to total war-or to total acquiescence. We have such a military force today. We shall maintain it. I wish--with all of my heart--that the expenditures that are necessary to build and to protect our power uld all be devoted to the programs of peace. But until world nditions permit, and until peace is assured, America's might--and America's bravest sons who wear our Nation's uniform--must ntinue to stand guard for all of us--as they gallantly do tonight in Vietnam and other places in the world. Yet neither great weapons nor individual urage can provide the nditions of peace. "For two decades America has mmitted itself against the tyranny of want and ignorance in the world that threatens the peace. We shall sustain that mmitment. This year I shall propose:   --That we launch, with other nations, an exploration of the ocean depths to tap its wealth, and its energy, and its abundance." "--That we ntribute our fair share to a major expansion of the International Development Association, and to increase the resources of the Asian Development Bank.   --That we adopt a prudent aid program, rooted in the principle of self-help.   --That we renew and extend the food for freedom program." Our food programs have already helped millions avoid the horrors of famine. But unless the rapid growth of population in developing untries is slowed, the gap between rich and poor will widen steadily. Governments in the developing untries must take such facts into nsideration. We in the United States are prepared to help assist them in those efforts. But we must also improve the lives of children already born in the villages and towns and cities on this earth. They can be taught by great teachers through space mmunications and the miracle of satellite television-and we are going to bring to bear every resource of mind and technology to help make this dream me true. Let me speak now about some matters here at home. Tonight our Nation is acmplishing more for its people than has ever been acmplished before. Americans are prosperous as men have never been in rerded history. Yet there is in the land a certain restlessness--a questioning. The total of our Nation's annual production is now above billion. For months this Nation has been on a steady upward trend of growth. All about them, most American families can see the evidence of growing abundance: higher paychecks, humming factories, new cars moving down new highways. More and more families own their own homes, equipped with more than million television sets. A new llege is founded every week. Today more than half of the high school graduates go on to llege. "There are hundreds of thousands of fathers and mothers who never mpleted grammar school--who will see their children graduate from llege.   Why, then, this restlessness?" Because when a great ship cuts through the sea, the waters are always stirred and troubled. And our ship is moving. It is moving through troubled and new waters; it is moving toward new and better shores. We ask now, not how can we achieve abundance?--but how shall we use our abundance? Not, is there abundance enough for all?--but, how can all share in our abundance? "While we have acmplished much, much remains for us to meet and much remains for us to master.   --In some areas, the jobless rate is still three or four times the national average   --Violence has shown its face in some of our cities." "--Crime increases on our streets.   --Inme for farm workers remains far behind that for urban workers; and parity for our farmers who produce our food is still just a hope--not an achievement." "--New housing nstruction is far less than we need--to assure decent shelter for every family.   --Hospital and medical sts are high, and they are rising.   --Many rivers--and the air in many cities--remain badly polluted. And our citizens suffer from breathing that air." We have lived with nditions like these for many, many years. But much that we once accepted as inevitable, we now find absolutely intolerable. In our cities last summer, we saw how wide is the gulf for some Americans between the promise and the reality of our society. We know that we cannot change all of this in a day. It represents the bitter nsequences of more than three centuries. But the issue is not whether we can change this; the issue is whether we will change this. Well, I know we can. And I believe we will. This then is the work we should do in the months that are ahead of us in this Congress. The first essential is more jobs, useful jobs for tens of thousands who can beme productive and can pay their own way. Our enomy has created / million new jobs in the past years. It is adding more than a million and a half new jobs this year. Through programs passed by the Congress, job training is being given tonight to more than a million Americans in this untry. This year, the time has me when we must get to those who are last in line--the hard-re unemployed--the hardest to reach. Employment officials estimate that , of these persons are now unemployed in the major cities of America. Our objective is to place these , in private industry jobs within the next years. "To do this, I propose a . billion manpower program in the ming fiscal year-a percent increase over the current year. Most of this increase will be used to start a new partnership between government and private industry to train and to hire the hard-re unemployed persons. I know of no task before us of more importance to us, to the untry, or to our future.   Another essential is to rebuild our cities.   Last year the Congress authorized million for the Model Cities program. I requested the full amount of that authorization to help meet the crisis in the cities of America. But the Congress appropriated only million--less than half." This year I urge the Congress to honor my request for model cities funds to rebuild the centers of American cities by granting us the full amount that you in the Congress authorized-- billion. The next essential is more housing--and more housing now. Surely a nation that can go to the moon can place a decent home within the reach of its families. Therefore we must call together the resources of industry and labor, to start building , housing units for low- and middle-inme families next year--that is three times more than this year. We must make it possible for thousands of families to beme homeowners, not rent-payers. I propose, for the nsideration of this Congress, a -year campaign to build million new housing units for low and middle-inme families. Six million units in the next years. We have built , the last years. Better health for our children--all of our children--is essential if we are to have a better America. Last year, Medicare, Medicaid, and other new programs that you passed in the Congress brought better health to more than million Americans. American medicine--with the very strong support and operation of public resources-has produced a phenomenal decline in the death rate from many of the dread diseases. But it is a shocking fact that, in saving the lives of babies, America ranks th among the nations of the world. And among children, crippling defects are often disvered too late for any rrective action. This is a tragedy that Americans can, and Americans should, prevent. I shall, therefore, propose to the Congress a child health program to provide, over the next years, for families unable to afford it--access to health services from prenatal care of the mother through the child's first year. When we do that you will find it is the best investment we ever made because we will get these diseases in their infancy and we will find a cure in a great many instances that we can never find by overcrowding our hospitals when they are grown. Now when we act to advance the nsumer's cause I think we help every American. Last year, with very little fanfare the Congress and the executive branch moved in that field. We enacted the Wholesome Meat Act, the Flammable Fabrics Act, the Product Safety Commission, and a law to improve clinical laboratories. "And now, I think, the time has me to mplete our unfinished work. The Senate has already passed the truth-in-lending bill, the fire safety bill, and the pipeline safety   laws." Tonight I plead with the House to immediately act upon these measures and I hope take favorable action upon all of them. I call upon the Congress to enact, without delay, the remainder of the vital nsumer protection laws that I submitted to the Congress last year. I also urge final action on a measure that is already passed by the House to guard against fraud and manipulation in the Nation's mmodity exchange market. "These measures are a pledge to our people-to keep them safe in their homes and at work, and to give them a fair deal in the marketplace.   And I think we must do more. I propose:   --New powers for the Federal Trade Commission to stop those who defraud and who swindle our public.   --New safeguards to insure the quality of fish and poultry, and the safety of our mmunity water supplies.   --A major study of automobile insurance.   --Protection against hazardous radiation from television sets and other electronic equipment." And to give the nsumer a stronger voice, I plan to appoint a nsumer unsel in the Justice Department--a lawyer for the American nsumer--to work directly under the Attorney General, to serve the President's Special Assistant for Consumer Affairs, and to serve the nsumers of this land. "This Congress--Democrats and Republicans--can earn the thanks of history. We can make this truly a new day for the American nsumer, and by giving him this protection we can live in history as the nsumer-nscious Congress.   So let us get on with the work. Let us act soon." We, at every level of the government, State, local, Federal, know that the American people have had enough of rising crime and lawlessness in this untry. They regnize that law enforcement is first the duty of local police and local government. They regnize that the frontline headquarters against crime is in the home, the church, the city hall and the unty urthouse and the statehouse--not in the far-removed National Capital of Washington. But the people also regnize that the National Government can and the National Government should help the cities and the States in their war on crime to the full extent of its resources and its nstitutional authority. And this we shall do. "This does not mean a national police force. It does mean help and financial support:   --to develop State and local master plans to mbat crime,   --to provide better training and better pay for police, and   --to bring the most advanced technology to the war on crime in every city and every unty in America." There is no more urgent business before this Congress than to pass the Safe Streets Act this year that I proposed last year. That law will provide these required funds. They are so critically needed that I have doubled my request under this act to million in fiscal . And I urge the Congress to stop the trade in mail-order murder, to stop it this year by adopting a proper gun ntrol law. This year, I will propose a Drug Control Act to provide stricter penalties for those who traffic in LSD and other dangerous drugs with our people. I will ask for more vigorous enforcement of all of our drug laws by increasing the number of Federal drug and nartics ntrol officials by more than percent. The time has me to stop the sale of slavery to the young. I also request you to give us funds to add immediately assistant United States attorneys throughout the land to help prosecute our criminal laws. We have increased our judiciary by percent and we have increased our prosecutors by percent. The dockets are full of cases because we don't have assistant district attorneys to go before the Federal judge and handle them. We start these young lawyers at , a year. And the docket is clogged because we don't have authority to hire more of them. "I ask the Congress for authority to hire more. These young men will give special attention to this drug abuse, too.   Finally, I ask you to add FBI agents to strengthen law enforcement in the Nation and to protect the individual rights of every citizen." A moment ago I spoke of despair and frustrated hopes in the cities where the fires of disorder burned last summer. We can-and in time we will--change that despair into nfidence, and change those frustrations into achievements. But violence will never bring progress. We can make progress only by attacking the causes of violence and only where there is civil order founded on justice. Today we are helping local officials improve their capacity to deal promptly with disorders. "Those who preach disorder and those who preach violence must know that local authorities are able to resist them swiftly, to resist them sternly, and to resist them decisively.   I shall remmend other actions:   --To raise the farmers' inme by establishing a security mmodity reserve that will protect the market from price-depressing stocks and protect the nsumer from food scarcity.   --I shall remmend programs to help farmers bargain more effectively for fair prices." "--I shall remmend programs for new air safety measures.   --Measures to stem the rising sts of medical care.   --Legislation to enurage our returning veterans to devote themselves to careers in mmunity service such as teaching, and being firemen, and joining our police force, and our law enforcement officials." "--I shall remmend programs to strengthen and finance our anti-pollution efforts.   --Fully funding all of the . billion poverty program that you in the Congress had just authorized in order to bring opportunity to those who have been left far behind.   --I shall remmend an Educational Opportunity Act to speed up our drive to break down the financial barriers that are separating our young people from llege." I shall also urge the Congress to act on several other vital pending bills--especially the civil rights measures--fair jury trials, protection of Federal rights, enforcement of equal employment opportunity, and fair housing. The unfinished work of the first session must be mpleted--the Higher Education Act, the Juvenile Delinquency Act, nservation measures to save the redwoods of California, and to preserve the wonders of our scenic rivers, the Highway Beautification Act--and all the other measures for a cleaner, and for a better, and for a more beautiful America. Next month we'll begin our th year of uninterrupted prosperity. The enomic outlook for this year is one of steady growth-if we are vigilant. True, there are some clouds on the horizon. Prices are rising. Interest rates have passed the peak of ; and if there is ntinued inaction on the tax bill, they will climb even higher. I warn the Congress and the Nation tonight that this failure to act on the tax bill will sweep us into an accelerating spiral of price increases, a slump in homebuilding, and a ntinuing erosion of the American dollar. This would be a tragedy for every American family. And I predict that if this happens, they will all let us know about it. We--those of us in the executive branch, in the Congress, and the leaders of labor and business--must do everything we can to prevent that kind of misfortune. Under the new budget, the expenditures for will increase by . billion. Receipts will increase by . billion including the added tax revenues. Virtually all of this expenditure increase represents the mandatory st of our defense efforts, billion; increased interest, almost billion; or mandatory payments under laws passed by Congress--such as those provided in the Social Security Act that you passed in , and to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, veterans, and farmers, of about / billion; and the additional billion million next year for the pay increases that you passed in military and civilian pay. That makes up the billion that is added to the budget. With few exceptions, very few, we are holding the fiscal budget to last year's level, outside of those mandatory and required increases. A Presidential mmission mposed of distinguished ngressional fiscal leaders and other prominent Americans remmended this year that we adopt a new budget approach. I am carrying out their remmendations in this year's budget. This budget, therefore, for the first time accurately vers all Federal expenditures and all Federal receipts, including for the first time in one budget billion from the social security, Medicare, highway, and other trust funds. The fiscal budget has expenditures of approximately billion, with total estimated revenues, including the tax bill, of about billion. If the Congress enacts the tax increase, we will reduce the budget deficit by some billion. The war in Vietnam is sting us about billion and we are asking for about billion in taxes--and if we get that billion tax bill we will reduce the deficit from about billion in to about billion in . Now, this is a tight budget. It follows the reduction that I made in operation with the Congress--a reduction made after you had reviewed every appropriations bill and reduced the appropriations by some or billion and expenditures by . billion. We nferred together and I remmended to the Congress and you subsequently approved taking percent from payrolls and percent from ntrollable expenditures. We therefore reduced appropriations almost billion last session and expenditures over billion. Now, that was in the budget last year. "I ask the Congress to regnize that there are certain selected programs that meet the Nation's most urgent needs and they have increased. We have insisted that decreases in very desirable but less urgent programs be made before we would approve any increases. So I ask the Congress tonight:   --to hold its appropriations to the budget requests, and" "--to act responsibly early this year by enacting the tax surcharge which for the average American individual amounts to about a penny out of each dollar's inme.   This tax increase would yield about half of the billion per year that we returned to the people in the tax reduction bills of and ." This must be a temporary measure, which expires in less than years. Congress can repeal it sooner if the need has passed. But Congress can never repeal inflation. The leaders of American business and the leaders of American labor--those who really have power over wages and prices--must act responsibly, and in their Nation's interest by keeping increases in line with productivity. If our regnized leaders do not do this, they and those for whom they speak and all of us are going to suffer very serious nsequences. On January st, I outlined a program to reduce our balance of payments deficit sharply this year. We will ask the Congress to help carry out those parts of the program which require legislation. We must restore equilibrium to our balance of payments. We must also strengthen the international monetary system. We have assured the world that America's full gold stock stands behind our mmitment to maintain the price of gold at an ounce. We must back this mmitment by legislating now to free our gold reserves. Americans, traveling more than any other people in history, took billion out of their untry last year in travel sts. We must try to reduce the travel deficit that we have of more than billion. We are hoping that we can reduce it by million--without unduly penalizing the travel of teachers, students, business people who have essential and necessary travel, or people who have relatives abroad whom they want to see. Even with this reduction of million, the American people will still be traveling more overseas than they did in , , or or any other year in their history. "If we act together as I hope we can, I believe we can ntinue our enomic expansion which has already broken all past rerds. And I hope that we can ntinue that expansion in the days ahead.   Each of these questions I have discussed with you tonight is a question of policy for our people. Therefore, each of them should be--and doubtless will be--debated by candidates for public office this year." I hope those debates will be marked by new proposals and by a seriousness that matches the gravity of the questions themselves. These are not appropriate subjects for narrow partisan oratory. They go to the heart of what we Americans are all about--all of us, Democrats and Republicans. Tonight I have spoken of some of the goals I should like to see America reach. Many of them can be achieved this year-others by the time we celebrate our Nation's th birthday--the bicentennial of our independence. Several of these goals are going to be very hard to reach. But the State of our Union will be much stronger years from now on our th birthday if we resolve to reach these goals now. They are more important-much more important--than the identity of the party or the President who will then be in office. "These goals are what the fighting and our alliances are really meant to protect.   Can we achieve these goals?   Of urse we can--if we will." If ever there was a people who sought more than mere abundance, it is our people. If ever there was a nation that was capable of solving its problems, it is this Nation. If ever there were a time to know the pride and the excitement and the hope of being an American--it is this time. "So this, my friends, is the State of our Union: seeking, building, tested many times in this past year--and always equal to the test.   Thank you and good night." [Delivered in person before a joint session at : p.m.] Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, distinguished Members of the Congress: I share with all of you the grief that you feel at the death today of one of the most beloved, respected, and effective Members of this body, the distinguished Representative from Rhode Island, Mr. Fogarty. I have me here tonight to report to you that this is a time of testing for our Nation. At home, the question is whether we will ntinue working for better opportunities for all Americans, when most Americans are already living better than any people in history. Abroad, the question is whether we have the staying power to fight a very stly war, when the objective is limited and the danger to us is seemingly remote. So our test is not whether we shrink from our untry's cause when the dangers to us are obvious and close at hand, but, rather, whether we carry on when they seem obscure and distant--and some think that it is safe to lay down our burdens. I have me tonight to ask this Congress and this Nation to resolve that issue: to meet our mmitments at home and abroad-to ntinue to build a better America--and to reaffirm this Nation's allegiance to freedom. As President Abraham Linln said, We must ask where we are, and whither we are tending." I. The last years bear witness to our determination to make this a better untry. We have struck down legal barriers to equality. We have improved the education of million deprived children and this year alone we have enabled almost million students to go to llege. We have brought medical care to older people who were unable to afford it. Three and one-half million Americans have already received treatment under Medicare since July. We have built a strong enomy that has put almost million more Americans on the payrolls in the last year alone. We have included more than million new workers under a higher minimum wage. We have launched new training programs to provide job skills for almost million Americans. We have helped more than a thousand local mmunities to attack poverty in the neighborhoods of the poor. We have set out to rebuild our cities on a scale that has never been attempted before. We have begun to rescue our waters from the menace of pollution and to restore the beauty of our land and our untryside, our cities and our towns. We have given million young Americans a chance to earn through the Neighborhood Youth Corps--or through Head Start, a chance to learn. So together we have tried to meet the needs of our people. And, we have succeeded in creating a better life for the many as well as the few. Now we must answer whether our gains shall be the foundations of further progress, or whether they shall be only monuments to what might have been-abandoned now by a people who lacked the will to see their great work through. I believe that our people do not want to quit--though the task is great, the work hard, often frustrating, and success is a matter not of days or months, but of years-and sometimes it may be even decades. II. I have me here tonight to discuss with you five ways of carrying forward the progress of these last years. These five ways ncern programs, partnerships, priorities, prosperity, and peace. First, programs. We must see to it, I think, that these new programs that we have passed work effectively and are administered in the best possible way. Three years ago we set out to create these new instruments of social progress. This required trial and error--and it has produced both. But as we learn, through success and failure, we are changing our strategy and we are trying to improve our tactics. In the long run, these starts--some rewarding, others inadequate and disappointing--are crucial to SUCCESS. "One example is the struggle to make life better for the less fortunate among us. On a similar occasion, at this rostrum in , I heard a great American President, Harry S. Truman, declare this: "The American people have decided that poverty is just as wasteful and just as unnecessary as preventable disease.""" Many listened to President Truman that day here in this Chamber, but few understood what was required and did anything about it. The executive branch and the Congress waited long years before ever taking any action on that challenge, as it did on many other challenges that great President presented. And when, years ago, you here in the Congress joined with me in a declaration of war on poverty, then I warned, It will not be a short or easy struggle-no single weapon... will suffice--but we shall not rest until that war is won." And I have me here to renew that pledge tonight. I remmend that we intensify our efforts to give the poor a chance to enjoy and to join in this Nation's progress. I shall propose certain administrative changes suggested by the Congress--as well as some that we have learned from our own trial and error. I shall urge special methods and special funds to reach the hundreds of thousands of Americans that are now trapped in the ghettos of our big cities and, through Head Start, to try to reach out to our very young, little children. The chance to learn is their brightest hope and must mmand our full determination. For learning brings skills; and skills bring jobs; and jobs bring responsibility and dignity, as well as taxes. This war--like the war in Vietnam--is not a simple one. There is no single battleline which you can plot each day on a chart. The enemy is not easy to perceive, or to isolate, or to destroy. There are mistakes and there are setbacks. But we are moving, and our direction is forward. This is true with other programs that are making and breaking new ground. Some do not yet have the capacity to absorb well or wisely all the money that uld be put into them. Administrative skills and trained manpower are just as vital to their success as dollars. And I believe those skills will me. But it will take time and patience and hard work. Success cannot be forced at a single stroke. So we must ntinue to strengthen the administration of every program if that success is to me--as we know it must. We have done much in the space of short years, working together. I have remmended, and you, the Congress, have approved, different reorganization plans, mbining and nsolidating many bureaus of this Government, and creating two entirely new Cabinet departments. I have me tonight to propose that we establish a new department--a Department of Business and Labor. By mbining the Department of Commerce with the Department of Labor and other related agencies, I think we can create a more enomical, efficient, and streamlined instrument that will better serve a growing nation. This is our goal throughout the entire Federal Government. Every program will be thoroughly evaluated. Grant-in-aid programs will be improved and simplified as desired by many of our local administrators and our Governors. Where there have been mistakes, we will try very hard to rrect them. Where there has been progress, we will try to build upon it. Our send objective is partnership--to create an effective partnership at all levels of government. And I should treasure nothing more than to have that partnership begin between the executive and the Congress. The th and the th Congresses passed more social and enomic legislation than any two single Congresses in American history. Most of you who were Members of those Congresses voted to pass most of those measures. But your efforts will me to nothing unless it reaches the people. Federal energy is essential. But it is not enough. Only a total working partnership among Federal, State, and local governments can succeed. The test of that partnership will be the ncern of each public organization, each private institution, and each responsible citizen. Each State, unty, and city needs to examine its capacity for government in today's world, as we are examining ours in the executive department, and as I see you are examining yours. Some will need to reorganize and reshape their methods of administration-as we are doing. Others will need to revise their nstitutions and their laws to bring them up to date--as we are doing. Above all, I think we must work together and find ways in which the multitudes of small jurisdictions can be brought together more efficiently. During the past years we have returned to State and local governments about billion in grants-in-aid. This year alone, percent of our Federal expenditures for domestic programs will be distributed through the State and local governments. With Federal assistance, State and local governments by will be spending close to billion annually. These enormous sums must be used wisely, honestly, and effectively. We intend to work closely with the States and the localities to do exactly that. Our third objective is priorities, to move ahead on the priorities that we have established within the resources that are available. I wish, of urse, that we uld do all that should be done--and that we uld do it now. But the Nation has many mmitments and responsibilities which make heavy demands upon our total resources. No administration would more eagerly utilize for these programs all the resources they require than the administration that started them. So let us resolve, now, to do all that we can, with what we have--knowing that it is far, far more than we have ever done before, and far, far less than our problems will ultimately require. Let us create new opportunities for our children and our young Americans who need special help. We should strengthen the Head Start program, begin it for children years old, and maintain its educational momentum by following through in the early years. We should try new methods of child development and care from the earliest years, before it is too late to rrect. And I will propose these measures to the th Congress. Let us insure that older Americans, and neglected Americans, share in their Nation's progress. We should raise social security payments by an overall average of percent. That will add billion million to social security payments in the first year. I will remmend that each of the million Americans now receiving payments get an increase of at least percent. I will ask that you raise the minimum payments by percent--from to a month, and to guarantee a minimum benefit of a month for those with a total of years of verage. We must raise the limits that retired workers can earn without losing social security inme. We must eliminate by law unjust discrimination in employment because of age. We should embark upon a major effort to provide self-help assistance to the forgotten in our midst--the American Indians and the migratory farm workers. And we should reach with the hand of understanding to help those who live in rural poverty. And I will propose these measures to the th Congress. So let us keep on improving the quality of life and enlarging the meaning of justice for all of our fellow Americans. We should transform our decaying slums into places of decency through the landmark Model Cities program. I intend to seek for this effort, this year, the full amount that you in Congress authorized last year. We should call upon the genius of private industry and the most advanced technology to help rebuild our great cities. We should vastly expand the fight for clean air with a total attack on pollution at its sources, and--because air, like water, does not respect manmade boundaries--we should set up regional airsheds" throughout this great land. We should ntinue to carry to every rner of the Nation our campaign for a beautiful America--to clean up our towns, to make them more beautiful, our cities, our untryside, by creating more parks, and more seashores, and more open spaces for our children to play in, and for the generations that me after us to enjoy. We should ntinue to seek equality and justice for each citizen--before a jury, in seeking a job, in exercising his civil rights. We should find a solution to fair housing, so that every American, regardless of lor, has a decent home of his choice. We should modernize our Selective Service System. The National Commission on Selective Service will shortly submit its report. I will send you new remmendations to meet our military manpower needs. But let us resolve that this is to be the Congress that made our draft laws as fair and as effective as possible. We should protect what Justice Brandeis called the right most valued by civilized men"--the right to privacy. We should outlaw all wiretapping--public and private--wherever and whenever it occurs, except when the security of this Nation itself is at stake--and only then with the strictest governmental safeguards. And we should exercise the full reach of our nstitutional powers to outlaw electronic bugging" and snooping." I hope this Congress will try to help me do more for the nsumer. We should demand that the st of credit be clearly and honestly expressed where average citizens can understand it. We should immediately take steps to prevent massive power failures, to safeguard the home against hazardous household products, and to assure safety in the pipelines that carry natural gas across our Nation. We should extend Medicare benefits that are now denied to ,, permanently and totally disabled Americans under years of age. We should improve the process of democracy by passing our election reform and financing proposals, by tightening our laws regulating lobbying, and by restoring a reasonable franchise to Americans who move their residences. We should develop educational television into a vital public resource to enrich our homes, educate our families, and to provide assistance in our classrooms. We should insist that the public interest be fully served through the public's airwaves. And I will propose these measures to the th Congress. Now we me to a question that weighs very heavily on all our minds--on yours and mine. This Nation must make an all-out effort to mbat crime. The th Congress gave us a new start in the attack on crime by passing the Law Enforcement Assistance Act that I remmended. We appointed the National Crime Commission to study crime in America and to remmend the best ways to carry that attack forward. And while we do not have all the answers, on the basis of its preliminary remmendations we are ready to move. This is not a war that Washington alone can win. The idea of a national police force is repugnant to the American people. Crime must be rooted out in local mmunities by local authorities. Our policemen must be better trained, must be better paid, and must be better supported by the local citizens that they try to serve and to protect. The National Government can and expects to help. And so I will remmend to the th Congress the Safe Streets and Crime Control Act of . It will enable us to assist those States and cities that try to make their streets and homes safer, their police forces better, their rrections systems more effective, and their urts more efficient. When the Congress approves, the Federal Government will be able to provide a substantial percentage of the st: -- percent of the st of developing the State and local plans, master plans, to mbat crime in their area; -- percent of the st of training new tactical units, developing instant mmunications and special alarm systems, and introducing the latest equipment and techniques so that they can beme weapons in the war on crime; -- percent of the st of building crime laboratories and police academy-type centers so that our citizens can be protected by the best trained and served by the best equipped police to be found anywhere. We will also remmend new methods to prevent juvenile delinquents from beming adult delinquents. We will seek new partnerships with States and cities in order to deal with this hideous nartics problem. And we will remmend strict ntrols on the sale of firearms. At the heart of this attack on crime must be the nviction that a free America--as Abraham Linln once said--must let reverence for the laws beme the political religion of the Nation." Our untry's laws must be respected. Order must be maintained. And I will support--with all the nstitutional powers the President possesses--our Nation's law enforcement officials in their attempt to ntrol the crime and the violence that tear the fabric of our mmunities. Many of these priority proposals will be built on foundations that have already been laid. Some will necessarily be small at first, but every beginning is a nsequence." If we postpone this urgent work now, it will simply have to be done later, and later we will pay a much higher price. Our fourth objective is prosperity, to keep our enomy moving ahead, moving ahead steadily and safely. We have now enjoyed years of unprecedented and rewarding prosperity. Last year, in : --Wages were the highest in history-and the unemployment rate, announced yesterday, reached the lowest point in years; --Total after-tax inme of American families rose nearly percent; --Corporate profits after taxes rose a little more than percent; --Our gross national product advanced . percent, to about billion; -Inme per farm went up percent. Now we have been greatly ncerned because nsumer prices rose . percent over the months since we decided to send troops to Vietnam. This was more than we had expected--and the Government tried to do everything that we knew how to do to hold it down. Yet we were not as successful as we wished to be. In the months after we entered World War II, prices rose not . percent, but . percent. In the first months after Korea, after the nflict broke out there, prices rose not . percent, but percent. During those two periods we had OPA price ntrol that the Congress gave us and War Labor Board wage ntrols. Since Vietnam we have not asked for those ntrols and we have tried to avoid imposing them. We believe that we have done better, but we make no pretense of having been successful or doing as well as we wished. Our greatest disappointment in the enomy during was the excessive rise in interest rates and the tightening of credit. They imposed very severe and very unfair burdens on our home buyers and on our home builders, and all those associated with the home industry. Last January, and again last September, I remmended fiscal and moderate tax measures to try to restrain the unbalanced pace of enomic expansion. Legislatively and administratively we took several billions out of the enomy. With these measures, in both instances, the Congress approved most of the remmendations rather promptly. As ended, price stability was seemingly being restored. Wholesale prices are lower tonight than they were in August. So are retail food prices. Monetary nditions are also easing. Most interest rates have retreated from their earlier peaks. More money now seems to be available. Given the operation of the Federal Reserve System, which I so earnestly seek, I am nfident that this movement can ntinue. I pledge the American people that I will do everything in a President's power to lower interest rates and to ease money in this untry. The Federal Home Loan Bank Board tomorrow morning will announce that it will make immediately available to savings and loan associations an additional billion, and will lower from percent to / percent the interest rate charged on those loans. We shall ntinue on a sensible urse of fiscal and budgetary policy that we believe will keep our enomy growing without new inflationary spirals; that will finance responsibly the needs of our men in Vietnam and the progress of our people at home; that will support a significant improvement in our export surplus, and will press forward toward easier credit and toward lower interest rates. I remmend to the Congress a surcharge of percent on both rporate and individual inme taxes--to last for years or for so long as the unusual expenditures associated with our efforts in Vietnam ntinue. I will promptly remmend an earlier termination date if a reduction in these expenditures permits it. This surcharge will raise revenues by some . billion in the first year. For example, a person whose tax payment, the tax he owes, is ,, will pay, under this proposal, an extra over the -month period, or a month. The overwhelming majority of Americans who pay taxes today are below that figure and they will pay substantially less than a month. Married uples with two children, with inmes up to , per year, will be exempt from this tax--as will single people with an inme of up to , a year. Now if Americans today still paid the inme and excise tax rates in effect when I came into the Presidency, in the year , their annual taxes would have been over billion more than at present tax rates. So this proposal is that while we have this problem and this emergency in Vietnam, while we are trying to meet the needs of our people at home, your Government asks for slightly more than one-fourth of that tax cut each year in order to try to hold our budget deficit in fiscal within prudent limits and to give our untry and to give our fighting men the help they need in this hour of trial. For fiscal , we estimate the budget expenditures to be . billion and revenues of billion. That will leave us a deficit this year of . billion. For fiscal , we estimate budget expenditures of billion. And with the tax measures remmended, and a ntinuing strong enomy, we estimate revenues will be . billion. The deficit then will be . billion. I will very soon forward all of my remmendations to the Congress. Yours is the responsibility to discuss and to debate them-to approve or modify or reject them. I welme your views, as I have welmed working with you for years as a lleague and as Vice President and President. I should like to say to the Members of the opposition--whose numbers, if I am not mistaken, seem to have increased somewhat--that the genius of the American political system has always been best expressed through creative debate that offers choices and reasonable alternatives. Throughout our history, great Republicans and Democrats have seemed to understand this. So let there be light and reason in our relations. That is the way to a responsible session and a responsive government. Let us be remembered as a President and a Congress who tried to improve the quality of life for every American--not just the rich, not just the poor, but every man, woman, and child in this great Nation of ours. We all go to school--to good schools or bad schools. We all take air into our lungs-clean air or polluted air. We all drink water--pure water or polluted water. We all face sickness someday, and some more often than we wish, and old age as well. We all have a stake in this Great Society--in its enomic growth, in reduction of civil strife--a great stake in good government. We just must not arrest the pace of progress we have established in this untry in these years. Our children's children will pay the price if we are not wise enough, and urageous enough, and determined enough to stand up and meet the Nation's needs as well as we can in the time allotted us. III. Abroad, as at home, there is also risk in change. But abroad, as at home, there is a greater risk in standing still. No part of our foreign policy is so sacred that it ever remains beyond review. We shall be flexible where nditions in the world change--and where man's efforts can change them for the better. We are in the midst of a great transition-a transition from narrow nationalism to international partnership; from the harsh spirit of the ld war to the hopeful spirit of mmon humanity on a troubled and a threatened planet. In Latin America, the American chiefs of state will be meeting very shortly to give our hemispheric policies new direction. We have me a long way in this hemisphere since the inter-American effort in enomic and social development was launched by the nference at Bogota in under the leadership of President Eisenhower. The Alliance for Progress moved dramatically forward under President Kennedy. There is new nfidence that the voice of the people is being heard; that the dignity of the individual is stronger than ever in this hemisphere, and we are facing up to and meeting many of the hemispheric problems together. In this hemisphere that reform under democracy can be made to happen--because it has happened. So together, I think, we must now move to strike down the barriers to full operation among the American nations, and to free the energies and the resources of two great ntinents on behalf of all of our citizens. Africa stands at an earlier stage of development than Latin America. It has yet to develop the transportation, mmunications, agriculture, and, above all, the trained men and women without which growth is impossible. There, too, the job will best be done if the nations and peoples of Africa operate on a regional basis. More and more our programs for Africa are going to be directed toward self-help. The future of Africa is shadowed by unsolved racial nflicts. Our policy will ntinue to reflect our basic mmitments as a people to support those who are prepared to work towards operation and harmony between races, and to help those who demand change but reject the fool's gold of violence. In the Middle East the spirit of good will toward all, unfortunately, has not yet taken hold. An already tortured peace seems to be nstantly threatened. We shall try to use our influence to increase the possibilities of improved relations among the nations of that region. We are working hard at that task. In the great subntinent of South Asia live more than a sixth of the earth's population. Over the years we--and others--have invested very heavily in capital and food for the enomic development of India and Pakistan. We are not prepared to see our assistance wasted, however, in nflict. It must strengthen their capacity to help themselves. It must help these two nations--both our friends--to overme poverty, to emerge as self-reliant leaders, and find terms for renciliation and operation. In Western Europe we shall maintain in NATO an integrated mmon defense. But we also look forward to the time when greater security can be achieved through measures of arms ntrol and disarmament, and through other forms of practical agreement. We are shaping a new future of enlarged partnership in nuclear affairs, in enomic and technical operation, in trade negotiations, in political nsultation, and in working together with the governments and peoples of Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. The emerging spirit of nfidence is precisely what we hoped to achieve when we went to work a generation ago to put our shoulder to the wheel and try to help rebuild Europe. We faced new challenges and opportunities then and there--and we faced also some dangers. But I believe that the peoples on both sides of the Atlantic, as well as both sides of this Chamber, wanted to face them together. Our relations with the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe are also in transition. We have avoided both the acts and the rhetoric of the ld war. When we have differed with the Soviet Union, or other nations, for that matter, I have tried to differ quietly and with urtesy, and without venom. Our objective is not to ntinue the ld war, but to end it. We have reached an agreement at the United Nations on the peaceful uses of outer space. We have agreed to open direct air flights with the Soviet Union. We have removed more than nonstrategic items from export ntrol. We are determined that the Export-Import Bank can allow mmercial credits to Poland, Hungary, Bulgaria, and Czechoslovakia, as well as to Romania and Yugoslavia. We have entered into a cultural agreement with the Soviet Union for another years. We have agreed with Bulgaria and Hungary to upgrade our legations to embassies. We have started discussions with international agencies on ways of increasing ntacts with Eastern European untries. This administration has taken these steps even as duty mpelled us to fulfill and execute alliances and treaty obligations throughout the world that were entered into before I became President. So tonight I now ask and urge this Congress to help our foreign and our mmercial trade policies by passing an East-West trade bill and by approving our nsular nvention with the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union has in the past year increased its long-range missile capabilities. It has begun to place near Mosw a limited antimissile defense. My first responsibility to our people is to assure that no nation can ever find it rational to launch a nuclear attack or to use its nuclear power as a credible threat against us or against our allies. I would emphasize that that is why an important link between Russia and the United States is in our mmon interest, in arms ntrol and in disarmament. We have the solemn duty to slow down the arms race between us, if that is at all possible, in both nventional and nuclear weapons and defenses. I thought we were making some progress in that direction the first few months I was in office. I realize that any additional race would impose on our peoples, and on all mankind, for that matter, an additional waste of resources with no gain in security to either side. I expect in the days ahead to closely nsult and seek the advice of the Congress about the possibilities of international agreements bearing directly upon this problem. Next to the pursuit of peace, the really greatest challenge to the human family is the race between food supply and population increase. That race tonight is being lost. The time for rhetoric has clearly passed. The time for ncerted action is here and we must get on with the job. We believe that three principles must prevail if our policy is to succeed: First, the developing nations must give highest priority to food production, including the use of technology and the capital of private enterprise. Send, nations with food deficits must put more of their resources into voluntary family planning programs. And third, the developed nations must all assist other nations to avoid starvation in the short run and to move rapidly towards the ability to feed themselves. Every member of the world mmunity now bears a direct responsibility to help bring our most basic human acunt into balance. IV. I me now finally to Southeast Asia-and to Vietnam in particular. Soon I will submit to the Congress a detailed report on that situation. Tonight I want to just review the essential points as briefly as I can. We are in Vietnam because the United States of America and our allies are mmitted by the SEATO Treaty to act to meet the mmon danger" of aggression in Southeast Asia. We are in Vietnam because an international agreement signed by the United States, North Vietnam, and others in is being systematically violated by the Communists. That violation threatens the independence of all the small nations in Southeast Asia, and threatens the peace of the entire region and perhaps the world. We are there because the people of South Vietnam have as much right to remain non-Communist--if that is what they choose-as North Vietnam has to remain Communist. We are there because the Congress has pledged by solemn vote to take all necessary measures to prevent further aggression. No better words uld describe our present urse than those once spoken by the great Thomas Jefferson: "It is the melancholy law of human societies to be mpelled sometimes to choose a great evil in order to ward off a greater." We have chosen to fight a limited war in Vietnam in an attempt to prevent a larger war--a war almost certain to follow, I believe, if the Communists succeed in overrunning and taking over South Vietnam by aggression and by force. I believe, and I am supported by some authority, that if they are not checked now the world can expect to pay a greater price to check them later. That is what our statesmen said when they debated this treaty, and that is why it was ratified to by the Senate many years ago. You will remember that we stood in Western Europe years ago. Is there anyone in this Chamber tonight who doubts that the urse of freedom was not changed for the better because of the urage of that stand? Sixteen years ago we and others stopped another kind of aggression--this time it was in Korea. Imagine how different Asia might be today if we had failed to act when the Communist army of North Korea marched south. The Asia of tomorrow will be far different because we have said in Vietnam, as we said years ago in Korea: This far and no further." I think I reveal no secret when I tell you that we are dealing with a stubborn adversary who is mmitted to the use of force and terror to settle political questions. I wish I uld report to you that the nflict is almost over. This I cannot do. We face more st, more loss, and more agony. For the end is not yet. I cannot promise you that it will me this year--or me next year. Our adversary still believes, I think, tonight, that he can go on fighting longer than we can, and longer than we and our allies will be prepared to stand up and resist. Our men in that area--there are nearly , now--have borne well the burden and the heat of the day." Their efforts have deprived the Communist enemy of the victory that he sought and that he expected a year ago. We have steadily frustrated his main forces. General Westmoreland reports that the enemy can no longer succeed on the battlefield. So I must say to you that our pressure must be sustained--and will be sustained-until he realizes that the war he started is sting him more than he can ever gain. I know of no strategy more likely to attain that end than the strategy of accumulating slowly, but inexorably, every kind of material resource"--of laboriously teaching troops the very elements of their trade." That, and patience--and I mean a great deal of patience. Our South Vietnamese allies are also being tested tonight. Because they must provide real security to the people living in the untryside. And this means reducing the terrorism and the armed attacks which kidnaped and killed , civilians in the last months, to levels where they can be successfully ntrolled by the regular South Vietnamese security forces. It means bringing to the villagers an effective civilian government that they can respect, and that they can rely upon and that they can participate in, and that they can have a personal stake in. We hope that government is now beginning to emerge. While I cannot report the desired progress in the pacification effort, the very distinguished and able Ambassador, Henry Cabot Lodge, reports that South Vietnam is turning to this task with a new sense of urgency. We can help, but only they can win this part of the war. Their task is to build and protect a new life in each rural province. One result of our stand in Vietnam is already clear. It is this: The peoples of Asia now know that the door to independence is not going to be slammed shut. They know that it is possible for them to choose their own national destinies--without ercion. The performance of our men in Vietnam-backed by the American people--has created a feeling of nfidence and unity among the independent nations of Asia and the Pacific. I saw it in their faces in the days that I spent in their homes and in their untries. Fear of external Communist nquest in many Asian nations is already subsiding--and with this, the spirit of hope is rising. For the first time in history, a mmon outlook and mmon institutions are already emerging. This forward movement is rooted in the ambitions and the interests of Asian nations themselves. It was precisely this movement that we hoped to accelerate when I spoke at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore in April , and I pledged a much more massive effort to improve the life of man" in that part of the world, in the hope that we uld take some of the funds that we were spending on bullets and bombs and spend it on schools and production. Twenty months later our efforts have produced a new reality: The doors of the billion dollar Asian Development Bank that I remmended to the Congress, and you endorsed almost unanimously, I am proud to tell you are already open. Asians are engaged tonight in regional efforts in a dozen new directions. Their hopes are high. Their faith is strong. Their nfidence is deep. And even as the war ntinues, we shall play our part in carrying forward this nstructive historic development. As remmended by the Eugene Black mission, and if other nations will join us, I will seek a special authorization from the Congress of million for East Asian regional programs. We are eager to turn our resources to peace. Our efforts in behalf of humanity I think need not be restricted by any parallel or by any boundary line. The moment that peace mes, as I pledged in Baltimore, I will ask the Congress for funds to join in an international program of renstruction and development for all the people of Vietnam-and their deserving neighbors who wish our help. We shall ntinue to hope for a renciliation between the people of Mainland China and the world mmunity--including working together in all the tasks of arms ntrol, security, and progress on which the fate of the Chinese people, like their fellow men elsewhere, depends. We would be the first to welme a China which decided to respect her neighbors' rights. We would be the first to applaud her were she to apply her great energies and intelligence to improving the welfare of her people. And we have no intention of trying to deny her legitimate needs for security and friendly relations with her neighboring untries. Our hope that all of this will someday happen rests on the nviction that we, the American people and our allies, will and are going to see Vietnam through to an honorable peace. We will support all appropriate initiatives by the United Nations, and others, which can bring the several parties together for unnditional discussions of peace--anywhere, any time. And we will ntinue to take every possible initiative ourselves to nstantly probe for peace. Until such efforts succeed, or until the infiltration ceases, or until the nflict subsides, I think the urse of wisdom for this untry is that we just must firmly pursue our present urse. We will stand firm in Vietnam. I think you know that our fighting men there tonight bear the heaviest burden of all. With their lives they serve their Nation. We must give them nothing less than our full support--and we have given them that-nothing less than the determination that Americans have always given their fighting men. Whatever our sacrifice here, even if it is more than a month, it is small mpared to their own. How long it will take I cannot prophesy. I only know that the will of the American people, I think, is tonight being tested. Whether we can fight a war of limited objectives over a period of time, and keep alive the hope of independence and stability for people other than ourselves; whether we can ntinue to act with restraint when the temptation to get it over with" is inviting but dangerous; whether we can accept the necessity of choosing a great evil in order to ward off a greater"; whether we can do these without arousing the hatreds and the passions that are ordinarily loosed in time of war--on all these questions so much turns. The answers will determine not only where we are, but whither we are tending." A time of testing--yes. And a time of transition. The transition is sometimes slow; sometimes unpopular; almost always very painful; and often quite dangerous. But we have lived with danger for a long time before, and we shall live with it for a long time yet to me. We know that man is born unto trouble." We also know that this Nation was not forged and did not survive and grow and prosper without a great deal of sacrifice from a great many men. For all the disorders that we must deal with, and all the frustrations that ncern us, and all the anxieties that we are called upon to resolve, for all the issues we must face with the agony that attends them, let us remember that those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it." But let us also unt not only our burdens but our blessings--for they are many. And let us give thanks to the One who governs us all. Let us draw enuragement from the signs of hope--for they, too, are many. Let us remember that we have been tested before and America has never been found wanting. So with your understanding, I would hope your nfidence, and your support, we are going to persist--and we are going to succeed. [ Delivered in person before a joint session at : p.m. Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the House and the Senate, my fellow Americans: I me before you tonight to report on the State of the Union for the third time. I me here to thank you and to add my tribute, once more, to the Nation's gratitude for this, the th Congress. This Congress has already reserved for itself an honored chapter in the history of America. Our Nation tonight is engaged in a brutal and bitter nflict in Vietnam. Later on I want to discuss that struggle in some detail with you. It just must be the center of our ncerns. But we will not permit those who fire upon us in Vietnam to win a victory over the desires and the intentions of all the American people. This Nation is mighty enough, its society is healthy enough, its people are strong enough, to pursue our goals in the rest of the world while still building a Great Society here at home. And that is what I have me here to ask of you tonight. I remmend that you provide the resources to carry forward, with full vigor, the great health and education programs that you enacted into law last year. I remmend that we prosecute with vigor and determination our war on poverty. I remmend that you give a new and daring direction to our foreign aid program, designed to make a maximum attack on hunger and disease and ignorance in those untries that are determined to help themselves, and to help those nations that are trying to ntrol population growth. I remmend that you make it possible to expand trade between the United States and Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. I remmend to you a program to rebuild mpletely, on a scale never before attempted, entire central and slum areas of several of our cities in America. I remmend that you attack the wasteful and degrading poisoning of our rivers, and, as the rnerstone of this effort, clean mpletely entire large river basins. I remmend that you meet the growing menace of crime in the streets by building up law enforcement and by revitalizing the entire Federal system from prevention to probation. I remmend that you take additional steps to insure equal justice to all of our people by effectively enforcing nondiscrimination in Federal and State jury selection, by making it a serious Federal crime to obstruct public and private efforts to secure civil rights, and by outlawing discrimination in the sale and rental of housing. I remmend that you help me modernize and streamline the Federal Government by creating a new Cabinet level Department of Transportation and reorganizing several existing agencies. In turn, I will restructure our civil service in the top grades so that men and women can easily be assigned to jobs where they are most needed, and ability will be both required as well as rewarded. I will ask you to make it possible for Members of the House of Representatives to work more effectively in the service of the Nation through a nstitutional amendment extending the term of a Congressman to years, ncurrent with that of the President. II. Because of Vietnam we cannot do all that we should, or all that we would like to do. We will ruthlessly attack waste and inefficiency. We will make sure that every dollar is spent with the thrift and with the mmonsense which regnizes how hard the taxpayer worked in order to earn it. We will ntinue to meet the needs of our people by ntinuing to develop the Great Society. Last year alone the wealth that we produced increased billion, and it will soar again this year to a total over billion. Because our enomic policies have produced rising revenues, if you approve every program that I remmend tonight, our total budget deficit will be one of the lowest in many years. It will be only . billion next year. Total spending in the administrative budget will be . billion. Revenues next year will be billion. On a cash basis--which is the way that you and I keep our family budget--the Federal budget next year will actually show a surplus. That is to say, if we include all the money that your Government will take in and all the money that your Government will spend, your Government next year will llect one-half billion dollars more than it will spend in the year . I have not me here tonight to ask for pleasant luxuries or for idle pleasures. I have me here to remmend that you, the representatives of the richest Nation on earth, you, the elected servants of a people who live in abundance unmatched on this globe, you bring the most urgent decencies of life to all of your fellow Americans. There are men who cry out: We must sacrifice. Well, let us rather ask them: Who will they sacrifice? Are they going to sacrifice the children who seek the learning, or the sick who need medical care, or the families who dwell in squalor now brightened by the hope of home? Will they sacrifice opportunity for the distressed, the beauty of our land, the hope of our poor? Time may require further sacrifices. And if it does, then we will make them. But we will not heed those who wring it from the hopes of the unfortunate here in a land of plenty. I believe that we can ntinue the Great Society while we fight in Vietnam. But if there are some who do not believe this, then, in the name of justice, let them call for the ntribution of those who live in the fullness of our blessing, rather than try to strip it from the hands of those that are most in need. And let no one think that the unfortunate and the oppressed of this land sit stifled and alone in their hope tonight. Hundreds of their servants and their protectors sit before me tonight here in this great Chamber. III. The Great Society leads us along three roads--growth and justice and liberation. [.] First is growth--the national prosperity which supports the well-being of our people and which provides the tools of our progress. I can report to you tonight what you have seen for yourselves already--in every city and untryside. This Nation is flourishing. Workers are making more money than ever--with after-tax inme in the past years up percent; in the last year alone, up percent. More people are working than ever before in our history--an increase last year of / million jobs. Corporations have greater after-tax earnings than ever in history. For the past years those earnings have been up over percent, and last year alone they had a rise of percent. Average farm inme is higher than ever. Over the past years it is up percent, and over the past year it is up percent alone. I was informed this afternoon by the distinguished Secretary of the Treasury that his preliminary estimates indicate that our balance of payments deficit has been reduced from . billion in to . billion, or less, in . This achievement has been made possible by the patriotic voluntary operation of businessmen and bankers working with your Government. We must now work together with increased urgency to wipe out this balance of payments deficit altogether in the next year. And as our enomy surges toward new heights we must increase our vigilance against the inflation which raises the st of living and which lowers the savings of every family in this land. It is essential, to prevent inflation, that we ask both labor and business to exercise price and wage restraint, and I do so again tonight. I believe it desirable, because of increased military expenditures, that you temporarily restore the automobile and certain telephone excise tax reductions made effective only days ago. Without raising taxes--or even increasing the total tax bill paid--we should move to improve our withholding system so that Americans can more realistically pay as they go, speed up the llection of rporate taxes, and make other necessary simplifications of the tax structure at an early date. I hope these measures will be adequate. But if the necessities of Vietnam require it, I will not hesitate to return to the Congress for additional appropriations, or additional revenues if they are needed. [.] The send road is justice. Justice means a man's hope should not be limited by the lor of his skin. I propose legislation to establish unavoidable requirements for nondiscriminatory jury selection in Federal and State urts--and to give the Attorney General the power necessary to enforce those requirements. I propose legislation to strengthen authority of Federal urts to try those who murder, attack, or intimidate either civil rights workers or others exercising their nstitutional rights--and to increase penalties to a level equal to the nature of the crime. Legislation, resting on the fullest nstitutional authority of the Federal Government, to prohibit racial discrimination in the sale or rental of housing. For that other nation within a Nation--the poor--whose distress has now captured the nscience of America, I will ask the Congress not only to ntinue, but to speed up the war on poverty. And in so doing, we will provide the added energy of achievement with the increased efficiency of experience. To improve the life of our rural Americans and our farm population, we will plan for the future through the establishment of several new Community Development Districts, improved education through the use of Teacher Corps teams, better health measures, physical examinations, and adequate and available medical resources. For those who labor, I propose to improve unemployment insurance, to expand minimum wage benefits, and by the repeal of section (b) of the Taft-Hartley Act to make the labor laws in all our States equal to the laws of the States which do not have tonight right-to-work measures. And I also intend to ask the Congress to nsider measures which, without improperly invading State and local authority, will enable us effectively to deal with strikes which threaten irreparable damage to the national interest. [.] The third path is the path of liberation. It is to use our success for the fulfillment of our lives. A great nation is one which breeds a great people. A great people flower not from wealth and power, but from a society which spurs them to the fullness of their genius. That alone is a Great Society. Yet, slowly, painfully, on the edge of victory, has me the knowledge that shared prosperity is not enough. In the midst of abundance modern man walks oppressed by forces which menace and nfine the quality of his life, and which individual abundance alone will not overme. We can subdue and we can master these forces--bring increased meaning to our lives--if all of us, Government and citizens, are bold enough to change old ways, daring enough to assault new dangers, and if the dream is dear enough to call forth the limitless capacities of this great people. This year we must ntinue to improve the quality of American life. Let us fulfill and improve the great health and education programs of last year, extending special opportunities to those who risk their lives in our Armed Forces. I urge the House of Representatives to mplete action on three programs already passed by the Senate--the Teacher Corps, rent assistance, and home rule for the District of Columbia. In some of our urban areas we must help rebuild entire sections and neighborhoods ntaining, in some cases, as many as , people. Working together, private enterprise and government must press forward with the task of providing homes and shops, parks and hospitals, and all the other necessary parts of a flourishing mmunity where our people can me to live the good life. I will offer other proposals to stimulate and to reward planning for the growth of entire metropolitan areas. Of all the reckless devastations of our national heritage, none is really more shameful than the ntinued poisoning of our rivers and our air. We must undertake a operative effort to end pollution in several river basins, making additional funds available to help draw the plans and nstruct the plants that are necessary to make the waters of our entire river systems clean, and make them a source of pleasure and beauty for all of our people. To attack and to overme growing crime and lawlessness, I think we must have a stepped-up program to help modernize and strengthen our local police forces. Our people have a right to feel secure in their homes and on their streets--and that right just must be secured. Nor can we fail to arrest the destruction of life and property on our highways. I will propose a Highway Safety Act of to seek an end to this mounting tragedy. We must also act to prevent the deception of the American nsumer--requiring all packages to state clearly and truthfully their ntents--all interest and credit charges to be fully revealed--and keeping harmful drugs and smetics away from our stores. It is the genius of our Constitution that under its shelter of enduring institutions and rooted principles there is ample room for the rich fertility of American political invention. We must change to master change. I propose to take steps to modernize and streamline the executive branch, to modernize the relations between city and State and Nation. A new Department of Transportation is needed to bring together our transportation activities. The present structure-- Government agencies, spending billion yearly--makes it almost impossible to serve either the growing demands of this great Nation or the needs of the industry, or the right of the taxpayer to full efficiency and real frugality. I will propose in addition a program to nstruct and to flight-test a new supersonic transport airplane that will fly three times the speed of sound--in excess of , miles per hour. I propose to examine our Federal system-the relation between city, State, Nation, and the citizens themselves. We need a mmission of the most distinguished scholars and men of public affairs to do this job. I will ask them to move on to develop a creative federalism to best use the wonderful diversity of our institutions and our people to solve the problems and to fulfill the dreams of the American people. As the process of election bemes more mplex and more stly, we must make it possible for those without personal wealth to enter public life without being obligated to a few large ntributors. Therefore, I will submit legislation to revise the present unrealistic restriction on ntributions--to prohibit the endless proliferation of mmittees, bringing local and State mmittees under the act--to attach strong teeth and severe penalties to the requirement of full disclosure of ntributions-and to broaden the participation of the people, through added tax incentives, to stimulate small ntributions to the party and to the candidate of their choice. To strengthen the work of Congress I strongly urge an amendment to provide a -year term for Members of the House of Representatives-which should not begin before . The present -year term requires most Members of Congress to divert enormous energies to an almost nstant process of campaigning--depriving this Nation of the fullest measure of both their skill and their wisdom. Today, too, the work of government is far more mplex than in our early years, requiring more time to learn and more time to master the technical tasks of legislating. And a longer term will serve to attract more men of the highest quality to political life. The Nation, the principle of democracy, and, I think, each ngressional district, will all be better served by a -year term for Members of the House. And I urge your swift action. IV. Tonight the cup of peril is full in Vietnam. That nflict is not an isolated episode, but another great event in the policy that we have followed with strong nsistency since World War II. The touchstone of that policy is the interest of the United States--the welfare and the freedom of the people of the United States. But nations sink when they see that interest only through a narrow glass. In a world that has grown small and dangerous, pursuit of narrow aims uld bring decay and even disaster. An America that is mighty beyond description-yet living in a hostile or despairing world--would be neither safe nor free to build a civilization to liberate the spirit of man. In this pursuit we helped rebuild Western Europe. We gave our aid to Greece and Turkey, and we defended the freedom of Berlin. In this pursuit we have helped new nations toward independence. We have extended the helping hand of the Peace Corps and carried forward the largest program of enomic assistance in the world. And in this pursuit we work to build a hemisphere of democracy and of social justice. In this pursuit we have defended against Communist aggression--in Korea under President Truman--in the Formosa Straits under President Eisenhower--in Cuba under President Kennedy--and again in Vietnam. Tonight Vietnam must hold the center of our attention, but across the world problems and opportunities crowd in on the American Nation. I will discuss them fully in the months to me, and I will follow the five ntinuing lines of policy that America has followed under its last four Presidents. [.] The first principle is strength. Tonight I can tell you that we are strong enough to keep all of our mmitments. We will need expenditures of . billion for the next fiscal year to maintain this necessary defense might. While special Vietnam expenditures for the next fiscal year are estimated to increase by . billion, I can tell you that all the other expenditures put together in the entire Federal budget will rise this ming year by only . billion. This is true because of the stringent st-nscious enomy program inaugurated in the Defense Department, and followed by the other departments of Government. [.] A send principle of policy is the effort to ntrol, and to reduce, and to ultimately eliminate the modern engines of destruction. We will vigorously pursue existing proposals-and seek new ones--to ntrol arms and to stop the spread of nuclear weapons. [.] A third major principle of our foreign policy is to help build those associations of nations which reflect the opportunities and the necessities of the modern world. By strengthening the mmon defense, by stimulating world mmerce, by meeting new hopes, these associations serve the cause of a flourishing world. We will take new steps this year to help strengthen the Alliance for Progress, the unity of Europe, the mmunity of the Atlantic, the regional organizations of developing ntinents, and that supreme association--the United Nations. We will work to strengthen enomic operation, to reduce barriers to trade, and to improve international finance. [.] A fourth enduring strand of policy has been to help improve the life of man. From the Marshall plan to this very moment tonight, that policy has rested on the claims of mpassion, and the certain knowledge that only a people advancing in expectation will build secure and peaceful lands. This year I propose major new directions in our program of foreign assistance to help those untries who will help themselves. We will nduct a worldwide attack on the problems of hunger and disease and ignorance. We will place the matchless skill and the resources of our own great America, in farming and in fertilizers, at the service of those untries mmitted to develop a modern agriculture. We will aid those who educate the young in other lands, and we will give children in other ntinents the same head start that we are trying to give our own children. To advance these ends I will propose the International Education Act of . I will also propose the International Health Act of to strike at disease by a new effort to bring modern skills and knowledge to the uncared-for, those suffering in the world, and by trying to wipe out smallpox and malaria and ntrol yellow fever over most of the world during this next decade; to help untries trying to ntrol population growth, by increasing our research--and we will earmark funds to help their efforts. In the next year, from our foreign aid sources, we propose to dedicate billion to these efforts, and we call on all who have the means to join us in this work in the world. [.] The fifth and most important principle of our foreign policy is support of national independence--the right of each people to govern themselves--and to shape their own institutions. For a peaceful world order will be possible only when each untry walks the way that it has chosen to walk for itself. We follow this principle by enuraging the end of lonial rule. We follow this principle, abroad as well as at home, by ntinued hostility to the rule of the many by the few--or the oppression of one race by another. We follow this principle by building bridges to Eastern Europe. And I will ask the Congress for authority to remove the special tariff restrictions which are a barrier to increasing trade between the East and the West. The insistent urge toward national independence is the strongest force of today's world in which we live. In Africa and Asia and Latin America it is shattering the designs of those who would subdue others to their ideas or their will. It is eroding the unity of what was once a Stalinist empire. In recent months a number of nations have east out those who would subject them to the ambitions of mainland China. History is on the side of freedom and is on the side of societies shaped from the genius of each people. History does not favor a single system or belief--unless force is used to make it so. That is why it has been necessary for us to defend this basic principle of our policy, to defend it in Berlin, in Korea, in Cuba-and tonight in Vietnam. For tonight, as so many nights before, young Americans struggle and young Americans die in a distant land. Tonight, as so many nights before, the American Nation is asked to sacrifice the blood of its children and the fruits of its labor for the love of its freedom. How many times--in my lifetime and in yours--have the American people gathered, as they do now, to hear their President tell them of nflict and tell them of danger? Each time they have answered. They have answered with all the effort that the security and the freedom of this Nation required. And they do again tonight in Vietnam. Not too many years ago Vietnam was a peaceful, if troubled, land. In the North was an independent Communist government. In the South a people struggled to build a nation, with the friendly help of the United States. There were some in South Vietnam who wished to force Communist rule on their own people. But their progress was slight. Their hope of success was dim. Then, little more than years ago, North Vietnam decided on nquest. And from that day to this, soldiers and supplies have moved from North to South in a swelling stream that is swallowing the remnants of revolution in aggression. As the assault mounted, our choice gradually became clear. We uld leave, abandoning South Vietnam to its attackers and to certain nquest, or we uld stay and fight beside the people of South Vietnam. We stayed. And we will stay until aggression has stopped. We will stay because a just nation cannot leave to the cruelties of its enemies a people who have staked their lives and independence on America's solemn pledge--a pledge which has grown through the mmitments of three American Presidents. We will stay because in Asia and around the world are untries whose independence rests, in large measure, on nfidence in America's word and in America's protection. To yield to force in Vietnam would weaken that nfidence, would undermine the independence of many lands, and would whet the appetite of aggression. We would have to fight in one land, and then we would have to fight in another--or abandon much of Asia to the domination of Communists. And we do not intend to abandon Asia to nquest. Last year the nature of the war in Vietnam changed again. Swiftly increasing numbers of armed men from the North crossed the borders to join forces that were already in the South. Attack and terror increased, spurred and enuraged by the belief that the United States lacked the will to ntinue and that their victory was near. Despite our desire to limit nflict, it was necessary to act: to hold back the mounting aggression, to give urage to the people of the South, and to make our firmness clear to the North. Thus. we began limited air action against military targets in North Vietnam. We increased our fighting force to its present strength tonight of , men. These moves have not ended the aggression but they have prevented its success. The aims of the enemy have been put out of reach by the skill and the bravery of Americans and their allies--and by the enduring urage of the South Vietnamese who, I can tell you, have lost eight men last year for every one of ours. The enemy is no longer close to victory. Time is no longer on his side. There is no cause to doubt the American mmitment. Our decision to stand firm has been matched by our desire for peace. In alone we had private talks for peace in Vietnam, with friends and adversaries throughout the world. Since Christmas your Government has labored again, with imagination and endurance, to remove any barrier to peaceful settlement. For days now we and our Vietnamese allies have dropped no bombs in North Vietnam. Able and experienced spokesmen have visited, in behalf of America, more than untries. We have talked to more than a hundred governments, all that we have relations with, and some that we don't. We have talked to the United Nations and we have called upon all of its members to make any ntribution that they can toward helping obtain peace. In public statements and in private mmunications, to adversaries and to friends, in Rome and Warsaw, in Paris and Tokyo, in Africa and throughout this hemisphere, America has made her position abundantly clear. We seek neither territory nor bases, enomic domination or military alliance in Vietnam. We fight for the principle of self-determination--that the people of South Vietnam should be able to choose their own urse, choose it in free elections without violence, without terror, and without fear. The people of all Vietnam should make a free decision on the great question of reunification. This is all we want for South Vietnam. It is all the people of South Vietnam want. And if there is a single nation on this earth that desires less than this for its own people, then let its voice be heard. We have also made it clear--from Hanoi to New York--that there are no arbitrary limits to our search for peace. We stand by the Geneva Agreements of and . We will meet at any nference table, we will discuss any proposals--four points or fourteen or forty--and we will nsider the views of any group. We will work for a cease-fire now or once discussions have begun. We will respond if others reduce their use of force, and we will withdraw our soldiers once South Vietnam is securely guaranteed the right to shape its own future. We have said all this, and we have asked-and hoped--and we have waited for a response. So far we have received no response to prove either success or failure. We have carried our quest for peace to many nations and peoples because we share this planet with others whose future, in large measure, is tied to our own action, and whose unsel is necessary to our own hopes. We have found understanding and support. And we know they wait with us tonight for some response that uld lead to peace. I wish tonight that I uld give you a blueprint for the urse of this nflict over the ming months, but we just cannot know what the future may require. We may have to face long, hard mbat or a long, hard nference, or even both at once. Until peace mes, or if it does not me, our urse is clear. We will act as we must to help protect the independence of the valiant people of South Vietnam. We will strive to limit the nflict, for we wish neither increased destruction nor do we want to invite increased danger. But we will give our fighting men what they must have: every gun, and every dollar, and every decision--whatever the st or whatever the challenge. And we will ntinue to help the people of South Vietnam care for those that are ravaged by battle, create progress in the villages, and carry forward the healing hopes of peace as best they can amidst the uncertain terrors of war. And let me be absolutely clear: The days may beme months, and the months may beme years, but we will stay as long as aggression mmands us to battle. There may be some who do not want peace, whose ambitions stretch so far that war in Vietnam is but a welme and nvenient episode in an immense design to subdue history to their will. But for others it must now be clear--the choice is not between peace and victory, it lies between peace and the ravages of a nflict from which they can only lose. The people of Vietnam, North and South, seek the same things: the shared needs of man, the needs for food and shelter and education--the chance to build and work and till the soil, free from the arbitrary horrors of battle--the desire to walk in the dignity of those who master their own destiny. For many painful years, in war and revolution and infrequent peace, they have struggled to fulfill those needs. It is a crime against mankind that so much urage, and so much will, and so many dreams, must be flung on the fires of war and death. To all of those caught up in this nflict we therefore say again tonight: Let us choose peace, and with it the wondrous works of peace, and beyond that, the time when hope reaches toward nsummation, and life is the servant of life. In this work, we plan to discharge our duty to the people whom we serve. V. This is the State of the Union. But over it all--wealth, and promise, and expectation--lies our troubling awareness of American men at war tonight. How many men who listen to me tonight have served their Nation in other wars? How very many are not here to listen? The war in Vietnam is not like these other wars. Yet, finally, war is always the same. It is young men dying in the fullness of their promise. It is trying to kill a man that you do not even know well enough to hate. Therefore, to know war is to know that there is still madness in this world. Many of you share the burden of this knowledge tonight with me. But there is a difference. For finally I must be the one to order our guns to fire, against all the most inward pulls of my desire. For we have children to teach, and we have sick to be cured, and we have men to be freed. There are poor to be lifted up, and there are cities to be built, and there is a world to be helped. Yet we do what we must. I am hopeful, and I will try as best I can, with everything I have got, to end this battle and to return our sons to their desires. Yet as long as others will challenge America's security and test the clearness of our beliefs with fire and steel, then we must stand or see the promise of two centuries tremble. I believe tonight that you do not want me to try that risk. And from that belief your President summons his strength for the trials that lie ahead in the days to me. "The work must be our work now. Scarred by the weaknesses of man, with whatever guidance God may offer us, we must nevertheless and alone with our mortality, strive to ennoble the life of man on earth.   Thank you, and goodnight." Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the Congress, my fellow Americans: On this Hill which was my home, I am stirred by old friendships. Though total agreement between the Executive and the Congress is impossible, total respect is important. I am proud to be among my lleagues of the Congress whose legacy to their trust is their loyalty to their Nation. I am not unaware of the inner emotions of the new Members of this body tonight. Twenty-eight years ago, I felt as you do now. You will soon learn that you are among men whose first love is their untry, men who try each day to do as best they can what they believe is right. We are entering the third century of the pursuit of American union. Two hundred years ago, in , nine assembled lonies first joined together to demand freedom from arbitrary power. For the first century we struggled to hold together the first ntinental union of democracy in the history of man. One hundred years ago, in , following a terrible test of blood and fire, the mpact of union was finally sealed. For a send century we labored to establish a unity of purpose and interest among the many groups which make up the American mmunity. That struggle has often brought pain and violence. It is not yet over. But we have achieved a unity of interest among our people that is unmatched in the history of freedom. And so tonight, now, in , we begin a new quest for union. We seek the unity of man with the world that he has built--with the knowledge that can save or destroy him--with the cities which can stimulate or stifle him--with the wealth and the machines which can enrich or menace his spirit. We seek to establish a harmony between man and society which will allow each of us to enlarge the meaning of his life and all of us to elevate the quality of our civilization. This is the search that we begin tonight. STATE OF THE WORLD But the unity we seek cannot realize its full promise in isolation. For today the state of the Union depends, in large measure, upon the state of the world. Our ncern and interest, mpassion and vigilance, extend to every rner of a dwindling planet. Yet, it is not merely our ncern but the ncern of all free men. We will not, and we should not, assume that it is the task of Americans alone to settle all the nflicts of a torn and troubled world. Let the foes of freedom take no mfort from this. For in ncert with other nations, we shall help men defend their freedom. Our first aim remains the safety and the well-being of our own untry. We are prepared to live as good neighbors with all, but we cannot be indifferent to acts designed to injure our interests, or our citizens, or our establishments abroad. The mmunity of nations requires mutual respect. We shall extend it--and we shall expect it. In our relations with the world we shall follow the example of Andrew Jackson who said: I intend to ask for nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong." And he promised, that the honor of my untry shall never be stained by an apology from me for the statement of truth or for the performance of duty." That was this Nation's policy in the 's and that is this Nation's policy in the 's. Our own freedom and growth have never been the final goal of the American dream. We were never meant to be an oasis of liberty and abundance in a worldwide desert of disappointed dreams. Our Nation was created to help strike away the chains of ignorance and misery and tyranny wherever they keep man less than God means him to be. We are moving toward that destiny, never more rapidly than we have moved in the last years. In this period we have built a military power strong enough to meet any threat and destroy any adversary. And that superiority will ntinue to grow so long as this office is mine--and you sit on Capitol Hill. In this period no new nation has beme Communist, and the unity of the Communist empire has begun to crumble. In this period we have resolved in friendship our disputes with our neighbors of the hemisphere, and joined in an Alliance for Progress toward enomic growth and political democracy. In this period we have taken more steps toward peace--including the test ban treaty--than at any time since the ld war began. In this period we have relentlessly pursued our advances toward the nquest of space. Most important of all, in this period, the United States has reemerged into the fullness of its self-nfidence and purpose. No longer are we called upon to get America moving. We are moving. No longer do we doubt our strength or resolution. We are strong and we have proven our resolve. No longer can anyone wonder whether we are in the grip of historical decay. We know that history is ours to make. And if there is great danger, there is now also the excitement of great expectations. AMERICA AND THE COMMUNIST NATIONS Yet we still live in a troubled and perilous world. There is no longer a single threat. There are many. They differ in intensity and in danger. They require different attitudes and different answers. With the Soviet Union we seek peaceful understandings that can lessen the danger to freedom. Last fall I asked the American people to choose that urse. I will carry forward their mmand. If we are to live together in peace, we must me to know each other better. I am sure that the American people would welme a chance to listen to the Soviet leaders on our television--as I would like the Soviet people to hear our leaders on theirs. I hope the new Soviet leaders can visit America so they can learn about our untry at firsthand. In Eastern Europe restless nations are slowly beginning to assert their identity. Your Government, assisted by the leaders in American labor and business, is now exploring ways to increase peaceful trade with these untries and with the Soviet Union. I will report our nclusions to the Congress. In Asia, mmunism wears a more aggressive face. We see that in Viet-Nam. Why are we there We are there, first, because a friendly nation has asked us for help against the Communist aggression. Ten years ago our President pledged our help. Three Presidents have supported that pledge. We will not break it now. Send, our own security is tied to the peace of Asia. Twice in one generation we have had to fight against aggression in the Far East. To ignore aggression now would only increase the danger of a much larger war. Our goal is peace in southeast Asia. That will me only when aggressors leave their neighbors in peace. What is at stake is the cause of freedom and in that cause America will never be found wanting. THE NON-COMMUNIST WORLD But mmunism is not the only source of trouble and unrest. There are older and deeper sources--in the misery of nations and in man's irrepressible ambition for liberty and a better life. With the free Republics of Latin America I have always felt--and my untry has always felt--very special ties of interest and affection. It will be the purpose of my administration to strengthen these ties. Together we share and shape the destiny of the new world. In the ming year I hope to pay a visit to Latin America. And I will steadily enlarge our mmitment to the Alliance for Progress as the instrument of our war against poverty and injustice in this hemisphere. In the Atlantic mmunity we ntinue to pursue our goal of years--a Europe that is growing in strength, unity, and operation with America. A great unfinished task is the reunification of Germany through self-determination. This European policy is not based on any abstract design. It is based on the realities of mmon interests and mmon values, mmon dangers and mmon expectations. These realities will ntinue to have their way--especially, I think, in our expanding trade and especially in our mmon defense. Free Americans have shaped the policies of the United States. And because we know these realities, those policies have been, and will be, in the interest of Europe. Free Europeans must shape the urse of Europe. And, for the same reasons, that urse has been, and will be, in our interest and in the interest of freedom. I found this truth nfirmed in my talks with European leaders in the last year. I hope to repay these visits to some of our friends in Europe this year. In Africa and Asia we are witnessing the turbulent unfolding of new nations and ntinents. We welme them to the society of nations. We are mmitted to help those seeking to strengthen their own independence, and to work most closely with those governments dedicated to the welfare of all of their people. We seek not fidelity to an iron faith, but a diversity of belief as varied as man himself. We seek not to extend the power of America but the progress of humanity. We seek not to dominate others but to strengthen the freedom of all people. I will seek new ways to use our knowledge to help deal with the explosion in world population and the growing scarcity in world resources. Finally, we renew our mmitment to the ntinued growth and the effectiveness of the United Nations. The frustrations of the United Nations are a product of the world that we live in, and not of the institution which gives them voice. It is far better to throw these differences open to the assembly of nations than to permit them to fester in silent danger. These are some of the goals of the American Nation in the world in which we live. For ourselves we seek neither praise nor blame, neither gratitude nor obedience. We seek peace. We seek freedom. We seek to enrich the life of man. For that is the world in which we will flourish and that is the world that we mean for all men to ultimately have. TOWARD THE GREAT SOCIETY World affairs will ntinue to call upon our energy and our urage. But today we can turn increased attention to the character of American life. We are in the midst of the greatest upward surge of enomic well-being in the history of any nation. Our flourishing progress has been marked by price stability that is unequalled in the world. Our balance of payments deficit has declined and the soundness of our dollar is unquestioned. I pledge to keep it that way and I urge business and labor to operate to that end. We worked for two centuries to climb this peak of prosperity. But we are only at the beginning of the road to the Great Society. Ahead now is a summit where freedom from the wants of the body can help fulfill the needs of the spirit. We built this Nation to serve its people. We want to grow and build and create, but we want progress to be the servant and not the master of man. We do not intend to live in the midst of abundance, isolated from neighbors and nature, nfined by blighted cities and bleak suburbs, stunted by a poverty of learning and an emptiness of leisure. The Great Society asks not how much, but how good; not only how to create wealth but how to use it; not only how fast we are going, but where we are headed. It proposes as the first test for a nation: the quality of its people. This kind of society will not flower spontaneously from swelling riches and surging power. It will not be the gift of government or the creation of presidents. It will require of every American, for many generations, both faith in the destination and the fortitude to make the journey. And like freedom itself, it will always be challenge and not fulfillment. And tonight we accept that challenge. A NATIONAL AGENDA I propose that we begin a program in education to ensure every American child the fullest development of his mind and skills. I propose that we begin a massive attack on crippling and killing diseases. I propose that we launch a national effort to make the American city a better and a more stimulating place to live. I propose that we increase the beauty of America and end the poisoning of our rivers and the air that we breathe. I propose that we carry out a new program to develop regions of our untry that are now suffering from distress and depression. I propose that we make new efforts to ntrol and prevent crime and delinquency. I propose that we eliminate every remaining obstacle to the right and the opportunity to vote. I propose that we honor and support the achievements of thought and the creations of art. I propose that we make an all-out campaign against waste and inefficiency. THE TASK Our basic task is threefold: First, to keep our enomy growing; --to open for all Americans the opportunity that is now enjoyed by most Americans; --and to improve the quality of life for all. In the next weeks I will submit special messages with detailed proposals for national action in each of these areas. Tonight I would like just briefly to explain some of my major remmendations in the three main areas of national need. . A GROWING ECONOMY: BASIC POLICIES First, we must keep our Nation prosperous. We seek full employment opportunity for every American citizen. I will present a budget designed to move the enomy forward. More money will be left in the hands of the nsumer by a substantial cut in excise taxes. We will ntinue along the path toward a balanced budget in a balanced enomy. I nfidently predict--what every enomic sign tells us tonight--the ntinued flourishing of the American enomy. But we must remember that fear of a recession can ntribute to the fact of a recession. The knowledge that our Government will, and can, move swiftly will strengthen the nfidence of investors and business. Congress can reinforce this nfidence by insuring that its procedures permit rapid action on temporary inme tax cuts. And special funds for job-creating public programs should be made available for immediate use if recession threatens. Our ntinued prosperity demands ntinued price stability. Business, labor, and the nsumer all have a high stake in keeping wages and prices within the framework of the guideposts that have already served the Nation so well. Finding new markets abroad for our goods depends on the initiative of American business. But we stand ready--with credit and other help--to assist the flow of trade which will benefit the entire Nation. ON THE FARMS Our enomy owes much to the efficiency of our farmers. We must ntinue to assure them the opportunity to earn a fair reward. I have instructed the Secretary of Agriculture to lead a major effort to find new approaches to reduce the heavy st of our farm programs and to direct more of our effort to the small farmer who needs the help the most. INCREASED PROSPERITY We can help insure ntinued prosperity through: --a regional revery program to assist the development of stricken areas left behind by our national progress; --further efforts to provide our workers with the skills demanded by modern technology, for the laboring-man is an indispensable force in the American system; --the extension of the minimum wage to more than million unprotected workers; --the improvement and the modernization of the unemployment mpensation system. And as pledged in our and Democratic platforms, I will propose to Congress changes in the Taft-Hartley Act including section (b). I will do so hoping to reduce the nflicts that for several years have divided Americans in various States of our Union. In a untry that spans a ntinent modern transportation is vital to ntinued growth. TRANSPORTATION FOR GROWTH I will remmend heavier reliance on mpetition in transportation and a new policy for our merchant marine. I will ask for funds to study high-speed rail transportation between urban centers. We will begin with test projects between Washington and Boston. On high-speed trains, passengers uld travel this distance in less than hours. II. OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL Send, we must open opportunity to all our people. Most Americans enjoy a good life. But far too many are still trapped in poverty and idleness and fear. Let a just nation throw open to them the city of promise: --to the elderly, by providing hospital care under social security and by raising benefit payments to those struggling to maintain the dignity of their later years; --to the poor and the unfortunate, through doubling the war against poverty this year; --to Negro Americans, through enforcement of the civil rights law and elimination of barriers to the right to vote; --to those in other lands that are seeking the promise of America, through an immigration law based on the work a man can do and not where he was born or how he spells his name. III. TO ENRICH THE LIFE OF ALL Our third goal is to improve the quality of American life.  THROUGH EDUCATION We begin with learning. Every child must have the best education that this Nation can provide. Thomas Jefferson said that no nation can be both ignorant and free. Today no nation can be both ignorant and great. In addition to our existing programs, I will remmend a new program for schools and students with a first year authorization of , million. It will help at every stage along the road to learning. For the preschool years we will help needy children beme aware of the excitement of learning. For the primary and sendary school years we will aid public schools serving low-inme families and assist students in both public and private schools. For the llege years we will provide scholarships to high school students of the greatest promise and the greatest need and we will guarantee low-interest loans to students ntinuing their llege studies. New laboratories and centers will help our schools--help them lift their standards of excellence and explore new methods of teaching. These centers will provide special training for those who need and those who deserve special treatment. THROUGH BETTER HEALTH Greatness requires not only an educated people but a healthy people. Our goal is to match the achievements of our medicine to the afflictions of our people. We already carry on a large program in this untry. for research and health. In addition, regional medical centers can provide the most advanced diagnosis and treatment for heart disease and cancer and stroke and other major diseases. New support for medical and dental education will provide the trained people to apply our knowledge. Community centers can help the mentally ill and improve health care for school-age children from poor families, including services for the mentally retarded. THROUGH IMPROVING THE WORLD WE LIVE IN The City An educated and healthy people require surroundings in harmony with their hopes. In our urban areas the central problem today is to protect and restore man's satisfaction in belonging to a mmunity where he can find security and significance. The first step is to break old patterns--to begin to think and work and plan for the development of the entire metropolitan areas. We will take this step with new programs of help for the basic mmunity facilities and for neighborhood centers of health and recreation. New and existing programs will be open to those cities which work together to develop unified long-range policies for metropolitan areas. We must also make some very important changes in our housing programs if we are to pursue these same basic goals. So a Department of Housing and Urban Development will be needed to spearhead this effort in our cities. Every citizen has the right to feel secure in his home and on the streets of his mmunity. To help ntrol crime, we will remmend programs: --to train local law enforcement officers; --to put the best techniques of modern science at their disposal; --to disver the causes of crime and better ways to prevent it. I will soon assemble a panel of outstanding experts of this Nation to search out answers to the national problem of crime and delinquency, and I welme the remmendations and the nstructive efforts of the Congress. The Beauty of America For over three centuries the beauty of America has sustained our spirit and has enlarged our vision. We must act now to protect this heritage. In a fruitful new partnership with the States and the cities the next decade should be a nservation milestone. We must make a massive effort to save the untryside and to establish--as a green legacy for tomorrow--more large and small parks, more seashores and open spaces than have been created during any other period in our national history. A new and substantial effort must be made to landscape highways to provide places of relaxation and recreation wherever our roads run, Within our cities imaginative programs are needed to landscape streets and to transform open areas into places of beauty and recreation. We will seek legal power to prevent pollution of our air and water before it happens. We will step up our effort to ntrol harmful wastes, giving first priority to the cleanup of our most ntaminated rivers. We will increase research to learn much more about the ntrol of pollution. We hope to make the Potomac a model of beauty here in the Capital, and preserve unspoiled stretches of some of our waterways with a Wild Rivers bill. More ideas for a beautiful America will emerge from a White House Conference on Natural Beauty which I will soon call. Art and Science We must also regnize and enurage those who can be pathfinders for the Nation's imagination and understanding. To help promote and honor creative achievements, I will propose a National Foundation on the Arts. To develop knowledge which will enrich our lives and ensure our progress, I will remmend programs to enurage basic science, particularly in the universities--and to bring closer the day when the oceans will supply our growing need for fresh water. For government to serve these goals it must be modern in structure, efficient in action, and ready for any emergency. I am busy, currently, reviewing the structure of the entire executive branch of this Government. I hope to reshape it and to reorganize it to meet more effectively the tasks of the th century. Wherever waste is found, I will eliminate it. Last year we saved almost , million by eliminating waste in the National Government. And I intend to do better this year. And very soon I will report to you on our progress and on new enomies that your Government plans to make. Even the best of government is subject to the worst of hazards. I will propose laws to insure the necessary ntinuity of leadership should the President beme disabled or die. In addition, I will propose reforms in the electoral llege--leaving undisturbed the vote by States--but making sure that no elector can substitute his will for that of the people. Last year, in a sad moment, I came here and I spoke to you after years of public service, practically all of them here on this Hill. This year I speak after year as President of the United States. Many of you in this Chamber are among my oldest friends. We have shared many happy moments and many hours of work, and we have watched many Presidents together. Yet, only in the White House can you finally know the full weight of this Office. The greatest burden is not running the huge operations of government--or meeting daily troubles, large and small--or even working with the Congress. A President's hardest task is not to do what is right, but to know what is right. Yet the Presidency brings no special gift of prophecy or foresight. You take an oath, you step into an office, and you must then help guide a great democracy. The answer was waiting for me in the land where I was born. It was once barren land. The angular hills were vered with scrub cedar and a few large live oaks. Little would grow in that harsh caliche soil of my untry. And each spring the Pedernales River would flood our valley. But men came and they worked and they endured and they built. And tonight that untry is abundant; abundant with fruit and cattle and goats and sheep, and there are pleasant homes and lakes and the floods are gone. Why did men me to that once forbidding land Well, they were restless, of urse, and they had to be moving on. But there was more than that. There was a dream--a dream of a place where a free man uld build for himself, and raise his children to a better life--a dream of a ntinent to be nquered, a world to be won, a nation to be made. Remembering this, I knew the answer. A President does not shape a new and personal vision of America. He llects it from the scattered hopes of the American past. It existed when the first settlers saw the ast of a new world, and when the first pioneers moved westward. It has guided us every step of the way. It sustains every President. But it is also your inheritance and it belongs equally to all the people that we all serve. It must be interpreted anew by each generation for its own needs; as I have tried, in part, to do tonight. It shall lead us as we enter the third century of the search for a more perfect union." This, then, is the state of the Union: Free and restless, growing and full of hope. So it was in the beginning. So it shall always be, while God is willing, and we are strong enough to keep the faith. [ As delivered in person before a joint session Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, Members of the House and Senate, my fellow Americans: I will be brief, for our time is necessarily short and our agenda is already long. Last year's ngressional session was the longest in peacetime history. With that foundation, let us work together to make this year's session the best in the Nation's history. Let this session of Congress be known as the session which did more for civil rights than the last hundred sessions mbined; as the session which enacted the most far-reaching tax cut of our time; as the session which declared all-out war on human poverty and unemployment in these United States; as the session which finally regnized the health needs of all our older citizens; as the session which reformed our tangled transportation and transit policies; as the session which achieved the most effective, efficient foreign aid program ever; and as the session which helped to build more homes, more schools, more libraries, and more hospitals than any single session of Congress in the history of our Republic. All this and more can and must be done. It can be done by this summer, and it can be done without any increase in spending. In fact, under the budget that I shall shortly submit, it can be done with an actual reduction in Federal expenditures and Federal employment. We have in a unique opportunity and obligation--to prove the success of our system; to disprove those cynics and critics at home and abroad who question our purpose and our mpetence. If we fail, if we fritter and fumble away our opportunity in needless, senseless quarrels between Democrats and Republicans, or between the House and the Senate, or between the South and North, or between the Congress and the administration, then history will rightfully judge us harshly. But if we succeed, if we can achieve these goals by forging in this untry a greater sense of union, then, and only then, can we take full satisfaction in the State of the Union. II. Here in the Congress you can demonstrate effective legislative leadership by discharging the public business with clarity and dispatch, voting each important proposal up, or voting it down, but at least bringing it to a fair and a final vote. Let us carry forward the plans and programs of John Fitzgerald Kennedy--not because of our sorrow or sympathy, but because they are right. In his memory today, I especially ask all members of my own political faith, in this election year, to put your untry ahead of your party, and to always debate principles; never debate personalities. For my part, I pledge a progressive administration which is efficient, and honest and frugal. The budget to be submitted to the Congress shortly is in full acrd with this pledge. It will cut our deficit in half--from billion to , million. It will be, in proportion to our national output, the smallest budget since . It will call for a substantial reduction in Federal employment, a feat acmplished only once before in the last years. While maintaining the full strength of our mbat defenses, it will call for the lowest number of civilian personnel in the Department of Defense since . It will call for total expenditures of , million--mpared to , million for the current year, a reduction of more than million. It will call for new obligational authority of , million--a reduction of more than billion below last year's request of , million. But it is not a standstill budget, for America cannot afford to stand still. Our population is growing. Our enomy is more mplex. Our people's needs are expanding. But by closing down obsolete installations, by curtailing less urgent programs, by cutting back where cutting back seems to be wise, by insisting on a dollar's worth for a dollar spent, I am able to remmend in this reduced budget the most Federal support in history for education, for health, for retraining the unemployed, and for helping the enomically and the physically handicapped. This budget, and this year's legislative program, are designed to help each and every American citizen fulfill his basic hopes--his hopes for a fair chance to make good; his hopes for fair play from the law; his hopes for a full-time job on full-time pay; his hopes for a decent home for his family in a decent mmunity; his hopes for a good school for his children with good teachers; and his hopes for security when faced with sickness or unemployment or old age. III. Unfortunately, many Americans live on the outskirts of hope--some because of their poverty, and some because of their lor, and all too many because of both. Our task is to help replace their despair with opportunity. This administration today, here and now, declares unnditional war on poverty in America. I urge this Congress and all Americans to join with me in that effort. It will not be a short or easy struggle, no single weapon or strategy will suffice, but we shall not rest until that war is won. The richest Nation on earth can afford to win it. We cannot afford to lose it. One thousand dollars invested in salvaging an unemployable youth today can return , or more in his lifetime. Poverty is a national problem, requiring improved national organization and support. But this attack, to be effective, must also be organized at the State and the local level and must be supported and directed by State and local efforts. For the war against poverty will not be won here in Washington. It must be won in the field, in every private home, in every public office, from the urthouse to the White House. The program I shall propose will emphasize this operative approach to help that one-fifth of all American families with inmes too small to even meet their basic needs. Our chief weapons in a more pinpointed attack will be better schools, and better health, and better homes, and better training, and better job opportunities to help more Americans, especially young Americans, escape from squalor and misery and unemployment rolls where other citizens help to carry them. Very often a lack of jobs and money is not the cause of poverty, but the symptom. The cause may lie deeper in our failure to give our fellow citizens a fair chance to develop their own capacities, in a lack of education and training, in a lack of medical care and housing, in a lack of decent mmunities in which to live and bring up their children. But whatever the cause, our joint Federal-local effort must pursue poverty, pursue it wherever it exists--in city slums and small towns, in sharecropper shacks or in migrant worker camps, on Indian Reservations, among whites as well as Negroes, among the young as well as the aged, in the boom towns and in the depressed areas. Our aim is not only to relieve the symptom of poverty, but to cure it and, above all, to prevent it. No single piece of legislation, however, is going to suffice. We will launch a special effort in the chronically distressed areas of Appalachia. We must expand our small but our successful area redevelopment program. We must enact youth employment legislation to put jobless, aimless, hopeless youngsters to work on useful projects. We must distribute more food to the needy through a broader food stamp program. We must create a National Service Corps to help the enomically handicapped of our own untry as the Peace Corps now helps those abroad. We must modernize our unemployment insurance and establish a high-level mmission on automation. If we have the brain power to invent these machines, we have the brain power to make certain that they are a boon and not a bane to humanity. We must extend the verage of our minimum wage laws to more than million workers now lacking this basic protection of purchasing power. We must, by including special school aid funds as part of our education program, improve the quality of teaching, training, and unseling in our hardest hit areas. We must build more libraries in every area and more hospitals and nursing homes under the Hill-Burton Act, and train more nurses to staff them. We must provide hospital insurance for our older citizens financed by every worker and his employer under Social Security, ntributing no more than a month during the employee's working career to protect him in his old age in a dignified manner without st to the Treasury, against the devastating hardship of prolonged or repeated illness. We must, as a part of a revised housing and urban renewal program, give more help to those displaced by slum clearance, provide more housing for our poor and our elderly, and seek as our ultimate goal in our free enterprise system a decent home for every American family. We must help obtain more modern mass transit within our mmunities as well as low-st transportation between them. Above all, we must release billion of tax reduction into the private spending stream to create new jobs and new markets in every area of this land. IV. These programs are obviously not for the poor or the underprivileged alone. Every American will benefit by the extension of social security to ver the hospital sts of their aged parents. Every American mmunity will benefit from the nstruction or modernization of schools, libraries, hospitals, and nursing homes, from the training of more nurses and from the improvement of urban renewal in public transit. And every individual American taxpayer and every rporate taxpayer will benefit from the earliest possible passage of the pending tax bill from both the new investment it will bring and the new jobs that it will create. That tax bill has been thoroughly discussed for a year. Now we need action. The new budget clearly allows it. Our taxpayers surely deserve it. Our enomy strongly demands it. And every month of delay dilutes its benefits in for nsumption, for investment, and for employment. For until the bill is signed, its investment incentives cannot be deemed certain, and the withholding rate cannot be reduced-and the most damaging and devastating thing you can do to any businessman in America is to keep him in doubt and to keep him guessing on what our tax policy is. And I say that we should now reduce to percent instead of percent our withholding rate. I therefore urge the Congress to take final action on this bill by the first of February, if at all possible. For however proud we may be of the unprecedented progress of our free enterprise enomy over the last years, we should not and we cannot permit it to pause. In , for the first time in history, we crossed the million job mark, but we will soon need more than million jobs. In our gross national product reached the billion level-- billion higher than when we took office. But it easily uld and it should be still billion higher today than it is. Wages and profits and family inme are also at their highest levels in history--but I would remind you that million workers and percent of our industrial capacity are still idle today. We need a tax cut now to keep this untry moving. V. For our goal is not merely to spread the work. Our goal is to create more jobs. I believe the enactment of a -hour week would sharply increase sts, would invite inflation, would impair our ability to mpete, and merely share instead of creating employment. But I am equally opposed to the - or -hour week in those industries where nsistently excessive use of overtime causes increased unemployment. So, therefore, I remmend legislation authorizing the creation of a tripartite industry mmittee to determine on an industry-by-industry basis as to where a higher penalty rate for overtime would increase job openings without unduly increasing sts, and authorizing the establishment of such higher rates. VI. Let me make one principle of this administration abundantly clear: All of these increased opportunities--in employment, in education, in housing, and in every field-must be open to Americans of every lor. As far as the writ of Federal law will run, we must abolish not some, but all racial discrimination. For this is not merely an enomic issue, or a social, political, or international issue. It is a moral issue, and it must be met by the passage this session of the bill now pending in the House. All members of the public should have equal access to facilities open to the public. All members of the public should be equally eligible for Federal benefits that are financed by the public. All members of the public should have an equal chance to vote for public officials and to send their children to good public schools and to ntribute their talents to the public good. Today, Americans of all races stand side by side in Berlin and in Viet Nam. They died side by side in Korea. Surely they can work and eat and travel side by side in their own untry. VII. We must also lift by legislation the bars of discrimination against those who seek entry into our untry, particularly those who have much needed skills and those joining their families. In establishing preferences, a nation that was built by the immigrants of all lands can ask those who now seek admission: What can you do for our untry?" But we should not be asking: In what untry were you born?" VIII. For our ultimate goal is a world without war, a world made safe for diversity, in which all men, goods, and ideas can freely move across every border and every boundary. We must advance toward this goal in in at least different ways, not as partisans, but as patriots. First, we must maintain--and our reduced defense budget will maintain--that margin of military safety and superiority obtained through years of steadily increasing both the quality and the quantity of our strategic, our nventional, and our antiguerilla forces. In we will be better prepared than ever before to defend the cause of freedom, whether it is threatened by outright aggression or by the infiltration practiced by those in Hanoi and Havana, who ship arms and men across international borders to foment insurrection. And we must ntinue to use that strength as John Kennedy used it in the Cuban crisis and for the test ban treaty--to demonstrate both the futility of nuclear war and the possibilities of lasting peace. Send, we must take new steps--and we shall make new proposals at Geneva--toward the ntrol and the eventual abolition of arms. Even in the absence of agreement, we must not stockpile arms beyond our needs or seek an excess of military power that uld be provocative as well as wasteful. It is in this spirit that in this fiscal year we are cutting back our production of enriched uranium by percent. We are shutting down four plutonium piles. We are closing many nonessential military installations. And it is in this spirit that we today call on our adversaries to do the same. Third, we must make increased use of our food as an instrument of peace--making it available by sale or trade or loan or donation-to hungry people in all nations which tell us of their needs and accept proper nditions of distribution. Fourth, we must assure our pre-eminence in the peaceful exploration of outer space, focusing on an expedition to the moon in this decade--in operation with other powers if possible, alone if necessary. Fifth, we must expand world trade. Having regnized in the Act of that we must buy as well as sell, we now expect our trading partners to regnize that we must sell as well as buy. We are willing to give them mpetitive access to our market, asking only that they do the same for us. Sixth, we must ntinue, through such measures as the interest equalization tax, as well as the operation of other nations, our recent progress toward balancing our international acunts. This administration must and will preserve the present gold value of the dollar. Seventh, we must beme better neighbors with the free states of the Americas, working with the uncils of the OAS, with a stronger Alliance for Progress, and with all the men and women of this hemisphere who really believe in liberty and justice for all. Eighth, we must strengthen the ability of free nations everywhere to develop their independence and raise their standard of living, and thereby frustrate those who prey on poverty and chaos. To do this, the rich must help the poor--and we must do our part. We must achieve a more rigorous administration of our development assistance, with larger roles for private investors, for other industrialized nations, and for international agencies and for the recipient nations themselves. Ninth, we must strengthen our Atlantic and Pacific partnerships, maintain our alliances and make the United Nations a more effective instrument for national independence and international order. Tenth, and finally, we must develop with our allies new means of bridging the gap between the East and the West, facing danger boldly wherever danger exists, but being equally bold in our search for new agreements which can enlarge the hopes of all, while violating the interests of none. In short, I would say to the Congress that we must be nstantly prepared for the worst, and nstantly acting for the best. We must be strong enough to win any war, and we must be wise enough to prevent one. We shall neither act as aggressors nor tolerate acts of aggression. We intend to bury no one, and we do not intend to be buried. We can fight, if we must, as we have fought before, but we pray that we will never have to fight again. IX. My good friends and my fellow Americans: In these last sorrowful weeks, we have learned anew that nothing is so enduring as faith, and nothing is so degrading as hate. John Kennedy was a victim of hate, but he was also a great builder of faith--faith in our fellow Americans, whatever their creed or their lor or their station in life; faith in the future of man, whatever his divisions and differences. This faith was echoed in all parts of the world. On every ntinent and in every land to which Mrs. Johnson and I traveled, we found faith and hope and love toward this land of America and toward our people. So I ask you now in the Congress and in the untry to join with me in expressing and fulfilling that faith in working for a nation, a nation that is free from want and a world that is free from hate--a world of peace and justice, and freedom and abundance, for our time and for all time to me. [ As delivered in person before a joint session Mr. Vice President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress: I ngratulate you all--not merely on your electoral victory but on your selected role in history. For you and I are privileged to serve the great Republic in what uld be the most decisive decade in its long history. The choices we make, for good or ill, may well shape the state of the Union for generations yet to me. Little more than weeks ago I assumed the office of President of the United States. In seeking the help of the Congress and our untrymen, I pledged no easy answers. I pledged--and asked--only toil and dedication. These the Congress and the people have given in good measure. And today, having witnessed in recent months a heightened respect for our national purpose and power--having seen the urageous calm of a united people in a perilous hour-and having observed a steady improvement in the opportunities and well-being of our citizens--I can report to you that the state of this old but youthful Union, in the th year of its life, is good. In the world beyond our borders, steady progress has been made in building a world of order. The people of West Berlin remain both free and secure. A settlement, though still precarious, has been reached in Laos. The spearpoint of aggression has been blunted in Viet-Nam. The end of agony may be in sight in the Congo. The doctrine of troika is dead. And, while danger ntinues, a deadly threat has been removed in Cuba. At home, the recession is behind us. Well over a million more men and women are working today than were working years ago. The average factory workweek is once again more than hours; our industries are turning out more goods than ever before; and more than half of the manufacturing capacity that lay silent and wasted weeks ago is humming with activity. In short, both at home and abroad, there may now be a temptation to relax. For the road has been long, the burden heavy, and the pace nsistently urgent. But we cannot be satisfied to rest here. This is the side of the hill, not the top. The mere absence of war is not peace. The mere absence of recession is not growth. We have made a beginning--but we have only begun. Now the time has me to make the most of our gains--to translate the renewal of our national strength into the achievement of our national purpose. II. America has enjoyed months of uninterrupted enomic revery. But revery is not enough. If we are to prevail in the long run, we must expand the long-run strength of our enomy. We must move along the path to a higher rate of growth and full employment. For this would mean tens of billions of dollars more each year in production, profits, wages, and public revenues. It would mean an end to the persistent slack which has kept our unemployment at or above percent for out of the past months--and an end to the growing pressures for such restrictive measures as the -hour week, which alone uld increase hourly labor sts by as much as percent, start a new wage-price spiral of inflation, and undercut our efforts to mpete with other nations. To achieve these greater gains, one step, above all, is essential--the enactment this year of a substantial reduction and revision in Federal inme taxes. For it is increasingly clear--to those in Government, business, and labor who are responsible for our enomy's success--that our obsolete tax system exerts too heavy a drag on private purchasing power, profits, and employment. Designed to check inflation in earlier years, it now checks growth instead. It disurages extra effort and risk. It distorts the use of resources. It invites recurrent recessions, depresses our Federal revenues, and causes chronic budget deficits. Now, when the inflationary pressures of the war and the post-war years no longer threaten, and the dollar mmands new respect-now, when no military crisis strains our resources--now is the time to act. We cannot afford to be timid or slow. For this is the most urgent task nfronting the Congress in . In an early message, I shall propose a permanent reduction in tax rates which will lower liabilities by . billion. Of this, billion results from reducing individual tax rates, which now range between and percent, to a more sensible range of to percent, with a split in the present first bracket. Two and one-half billion dollars results from reducing rporate tax rates, from percent--which gives the Government today a majority interest in profits-to the permanent pre-Korean level of percent. This is in addition to the more than billion cut in rporate tax liabilities resulting from last year's investment credit and depreciation reform. To achieve this reduction within the limits of a manageable budgetary deficit, I urge: first, that these cuts be phased over calendar years, beginning in with a cut of some billion at annual rates; send, that these reductions be upled with selected structural changes, beginning in , which will broaden the tax base, end unfair or unnecessary preferences, remove or lighten certain hardships, and in the net offset some . billion of the revenue loss; and third, that budgetary receipts at the outset be increased by . billion a year, without any change in tax liabilities, by gradually shifting the tax payments of large rporations to a more current time schedule. This mbined program, by increasing the amount of our national inme, will in time result in still higher Federal revenues. It is a fiscally responsible program--the surest and the soundest way of achieving in time a balanced budget in a balanced full employment enomy. This net reduction in tax liabilities of billion will increase the purchasing power of American families and business enterprises in every tax bracket, with greatest increase going to our low-inme nsumers. It will, in addition, enurage the initiative and risk-taking on which our free system depends--induce more investment, production, and capacity use--help provide the million new jobs we need every year--and reinforce the American principle of additional reward for additional effort. I do not say that a measure for tax reduction and reform is the only way to achieve these goals. --No doubt a massive increase in Federal spending uld also create jobs and growth-but, in today's setting, private nsumers, employers, and investors should be given a full opportunity first. --No doubt a temporary tax cut uld provide a spur to our enomy--but a long run problem mpels a long-run solution. --No doubt a reduction in either individual or rporation taxes alone would be of great help--but rporations need customers and job seekers need jobs. --No doubt tax reduction without reform would sound simpler and more attractive to many--but our growth is also hampered by a host of tax inequities and special preferences which have distorted the flow of investment. --And, finally, there are no doubt some who would prefer to put off a tax cut in the hope that ultimately an end to the ld war would make possible an equivalent cut in expenditures-but that end is not in view and to wait for it would be stly and self-defeating. In submitting a tax program which will, of urse, temporarily increase the deficit but can ultimately end it--and in regnition of the need to ntrol expenditures--I will shortly submit a fiscal administrative budget which, while allowing for needed rises in defense, space, and fixed interest charges, holds total expenditures for all other purposes below this year's level. This requires the reduction or postponement of many desirable programs, the absorption of a large part of last year's Federal pay raise through personnel and other enomies, the termination of certain installations and projects, and the substitution in several programs of private for public credit. But I am nvinced that the enactment this year of tax reduction and tax reform overshadows all other domestic problems in this Congress. For we cannot for long lead the cause of peace and freedom, if we ever cease to set the pace here at home. III. Tax reduction alone, however, is not enough to strengthen our society, to provide opportunities for the four million Americans who are born every year, to improve the lives of million Americans who live on the outskirts of poverty. The quality of American life must keep pace with the quantity of American goods. This untry cannot afford to be materially rich and spiritually poor. Therefore, by holding down the budgetary st of existing programs to keep within the limitations I have set, it is both possible and imperative to adopt other new measures that we cannot afford to postpone. These measures are based on a series of fundamental premises, grouped under four related headings: First, we need to strengthen our Nation by investing in our youth: --The future of any untry which is dependent upon the will and wisdom of its citizens is damaged, and irreparably damaged, whenever any of its children is not educated to the full extent of his talent, from grade school through graduate school. Today, an estimated out of every students in the th grade will not even finish high school--and that is a waste we cannot afford. --In addition, there is no reason why one million young Americans, out of school and out of work, should all remain unwanted and often untrained on our city streets when their energies can be put to good use. --Finally, the overseas success of our Peace Corps volunteers, most of them young men and women carrying skills and ideas to needy people, suggests the merit of a similar rps serving our own mmunity needs: in mental hospitals, on Indian reservations, in centers for the aged or for young delinquents, in schools for the illiterate or the handicapped. As the idealism of our youth has served world peace, so can it serve the domestic tranquility. Send, we need to strengthen our Nation by safeguarding its health: --Our working men and women, instead of being forced to beg for help from public charity once they are old and ill, should start ntributing now to their own retirement health program through the Social Security System. --Moreover, all our miracles of medical research will unt for little if we cannot reverse the growing nationwide shortage of doctors, dentists, and nurses, and the widespread shortages of nursing homes and modern urban hospital facilities. Merely to keep the present ratio of doctors and dentists from declining any further, we must over the next years increase the capacity of our medical schools by percent and our dental schools by percent. --Finally, and of deep ncern, I believe that the abandonment of the mentally ill and the mentally retarded to the grim mercy of custodial institutions too often inflicts on them and on their families a needless cruelty which this Nation should not endure. The incidence of mental retardation in this untry is three times as high as that of Sweden, for example--and that figure can and must be reduced. Third, we need to strengthen our Nation by protecting the basic rights of its citizens: --The right to mpetent unsel must be assured to every man accused of crime in Federal urt, regardless of his means. --And the most precious and powerful right in the world, the right to vote in a free American election, must not be denied to any citizen on grounds of his race or lor. I wish that all qualified Americans permitted to vote were willing to vote, but surely in this centennial year of Emancipation all those who are willing to vote should always be permitted. Fourth, we need to strengthen our Nation by making the best and the most enomical use of its resources and facilities: --Our enomic health depends on healthy transportation arteries; and I believe the way to a more modern, enomical choice of national transportation service is through increased mpetition and decreased regulation. Local mass transit, faring even worse, is as essential a mmunity service as hospitals and highways. Nearly three-fourths of our citizens live in urban areas, which occupy only percent of our land-and if local transit is to survive and relieve the ngestion of these cities, it needs Federal stimulation and assistance. --Next, this Government is in the storage and stockpile business to the melancholy tune of more than billion. We must ntinue to support farm inme, but we should not pile more farm surpluses on top of the . billion we already own. We must maintain a stockpile of strategic materials, but the . billion we have acquired--for reasons both good and bad--is much more than we need; and we should be empowered to dispose of the excess in ways which will not cause market disruption. --Finally, our already overcrowded national parks and recreation areas will have twice as many visitors years from now as they do today. If we do not plan today for the future growth of these and other great natural assets--not only parks and forests but wildlife and wilderness preserves, and water projects of all kinds--our children and their children will be poorer in every sense of the word. These are not domestic ncerns alone. For upon our achievement of greater vitality and strength here at home hang our fate and future in the world: our ability to sustain and supply the security of free men and nations, our ability to mmand their respect for our leadership, our ability to expand our trade without threat to our balance of payments, and our ability to adjust to the changing demands of ld war mpetition and challenge. We shall be judged more by what we do at home than by what we preach abroad. Nothing we uld do to help the developing untries would help them half as much as a booming U.S. enomy. And nothing our opponents uld do to enurage their own ambitions would enurage them half as much as a chronic lagging U.S. enomy. These domestic tasks do not divert energy from our security--they provide the very foundation for freedom's survival and success, IV. Turning to the world outside, it was only a few years ago--in Southeast Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, Latin America, even outer space--that mmunism sought to nvey the image of a unified, nfident, and expanding empire, closing in on a sluggish America and a free world in disarray. But few people would hold to that picture today. In these past months we have reaffirmed the scientific and military superiority of freedom. We have doubled our efforts in space, to assure us of being first in the future. We have undertaken the most far-reaching defense improvements in the peacetime history of this untry. And we have maintained the frontiers of freedom from Viet-Nam to West Berlin. But mplacency or self-ngratulation can imperil our security as much as the weapons of tyranny. A moment of pause is not a promise of peace. Dangerous problems remain from Cuba to the South China Sea. The world's prognosis prescribes, in short, not a year's vacation for us, but a year of obligation and opportunity. Four special avenues of opportunity stand out: the Atlantic Alliance, the developing nations, the new Sino-Soviet difficulties, and the search for worldwide peace. V. First, how fares the grand alliance? Free Europe is entering into a new phase of its long and brilliant history. The era of lonial expansion has passed; the era of national rivalries is fading; and a new era of interdependence and unity is taking shape. Defying the old prophecies of Marx, nsenting to what no nqueror uld ever mpel, the free nations of Europe are moving toward a unity of purpose and power and policy in every sphere of activity. For years this movement has had our nsistent support, both political and enomic. Far from resenting the new Europe, we regard her as a welme partner, not a rival. For the road to world peace and freedom is still long, and there are burdens which only full partners can share--in supporting the mmon defense, in expanding world trade, in aligning our balance of payments, in aiding the emergent nations, in ncerting political and enomic policies, and in welming to our mmon effort other industrialized nations, notably Japan, whose remarkable enomic and political development of the 's permits it now to play on the world scene a major nstructive role. No doubt differences of opinion will ntinue to get more attention than agreements on action, as Europe moves from independence to more formal interdependence. But these are honest differences among honorable associates--more real and frequent, in fact, among our Western European allies than between them and the United States. For the unity of freedom has never relied on uniformity of opinion. But the basic agreement of this alliance on fundamental issues ntinues. The first task of the alliance remains the mmon defense. Last month Prime Minister Macmillan and I laid plans for a new stage in our long operative effort, one which aims to assist in the wider task of framing a mmon nuclear defense for the whole alliance. The Nassau agreement regnizes that the security of the West is indivisible, and so must be our defense. But it also regnizes that this is an alliance of proud and sovereign nations, and works best when we do not forget it. It regnizes further that the nuclear defense of the West is not a matter for the present nuclear powers alone--that France will be such a power in the future--and that ways must be found without increasing the hazards of nuclear diffusion, to increase the role of our other partners in planning, manning, and directing a truly multilateral nuclear force within an increasingly intimate NATO alliance. Finally, the Nassau agreement regnizes that nuclear defense is not enough, that the agreed NATO levels of nventional strength must be met, and that the alliance cannot afford to be in a position of having to answer every threat with nuclear weapons or nothing. We remain too near the Nassau decisions, and too far from their full realization, to know their place in history. But I believe that, for the first time, the door is open for the nuclear defense of the alliance to beme a source of nfidence, instead of a cause of ntention. The next most pressing ncern of the alliance is our mmon enomic goals of trade and growth. This Nation ntinues to be ncerned about its balance-of-payments deficit, which, despite its decline, remains a stubborn and troublesome problem. We believe, moreover, that closer enomic ties among all free nations are essential to prosperity and peace. And neither we nor the members of the European Common Market are so affluent that we can long afford to shelter high st farms or factories from the winds of foreign mpetition, or to restrict the channels of trade with other nations of the free world. If the Common Market should move toward protectionism and restrictionism, it would undermine its, own basic principles. This Government means to use the authority nferred on it last year by the Congress to enurage trade expansion on both sides of the Atlantic and around the world. VI, Send, what of the developing and nonaligned nations? They were shocked by the Soviets' sudden and secret attempt to transform Cuba into a nuclear striking base-and by Communist China's arrogant invasion of India. They have been reassured by our prompt assistance to India, by our support through the United Nations of the Congo's unification, by our patient search for disarmament, and by the improvement in our treatment of citizens and visitors whose skins do not happen to be white. And as the older lonialism recedes, and the neolonialism of the Communist powers stands out more starkly than ever, they realize more clearly that the issue in the world struggle is not mmunism versus capitalism, but ercion versus free choice. They are beginning to realize that the longing for independence is the same the world over, whether it is the independence of West Berlin or Viet-Nam. They are beginning to realize that such independence runs athwart all Communist ambitions but is in keeping with our own--and that our approach to their diverse needs is resilient and resourceful, while the Communists are still relying on ancient doctrines and dogmas. Nevertheless it is hard for any nation to focus on an external or subversive threat to its independence when its energies are drained in daily mbat with the forces of poverty and despair. It makes little sense for us to assail, in speeches and resolutions, the horrors of mmunism, to spend billion a year to prevent its military advance-and then to begrudge spending, largely on American products, less than one-tenth of that amount to help other nations strengthen their independence and cure the social chaos in which mmunism always has thrived. I am proud--and I think most Americans are proud--of a mutual defense and assistance program, evolved with bipartisan support in three administrations, which has, with all its regnized problems, ntributed to the fact that not a single one of the nearly fifty U.N. members to gain independence since the Send World War has succumbed to Communist ntrol. I am proud of a program that has helped to arm and feed and clothe millions of people who live on the front lines of freedom. I am especially proud that this untry has put forward for the 's a vast operative effort to achieve enomic growth and social progress throughout the Americas-the Alliance for Progress. I do not underestimate the difficulties that we face in this mutual effort among our close neighbors, but the free states of this hemisphere, working in close llaboration, have begun to make this alliance a living reality. Today it is feeding one out of every four school age children in Latin America an extra food ration from our farm surplus. It has distributed . million school books and is building , classrooms. It has helped resettle tens of thousands of farm families on land they can call their own. It is stimulating our good neighbors to more self-help and self-reform--fiscal, social, institutional, and land reforms. It is bringing new housing and hope, new health and dignity, to millions who were forgotten. The men and women of this hemisphere know that the alliance cannot Succeed if it is only another name for United States handouts--that it can succeed only as the Latin American nations themselves devote their best effort to fulfilling its goals. This story is the same in Africa, in the Middle East, and in Asia. Wherever nations are willing to help themselves, we stand ready to help them build new bulwarks of freedom. We are not purchasing votes for the ld war; we have gone to the aid of imperiled nations, neutrals and allies alike. What we do ask--and all that we ask--is that our help be used to best advantage, and that their own efforts not be diverted by needless quarrels with other independent nations. Despite all its past achievements, the ntinued progress of the mutual assistance program requires a persistent disntent with present performance. We have been reorganizing this program to make it a more effective, efficient instrument--and that process will ntinue this year. But free world development will still be an uphill struggle. Government aid can only supplement the role of private investment, trade expansion, mmodity stabilization, and, above all, internal self-improvement. The processes of growth are gradual--bearing fruit in a decade, not a day. Our successes will be neither quick nor dramatic. But if these programs were ever to be ended, our failures in a dozen untries would be sudden and certain. Neither money nor technical assistance, however, can be our only weapon against poverty. In the end, the crucial effort is one of purpose, requiring the fuel of finance but also a torch of idealism. And nothing carries the spirit of this American idealism more effectively to the far rners of the earth than the American Peace Corps. A year ago, less than Peace Corps volunteers were on the job. A year from now they will number more than ,-men and women, aged to , willing to give years of their lives to helping people in other lands. There are, in fact, nearly a million Americans serving their untry and the cause of freedom in overseas posts, a rerd no other people can match. Surely those of us who stay at home should be glad to help indirectly; by supporting our aid programs; by opening our doors to foreign visitors and diplomats and students; and by proving, day by day, by deed as well as word, that we are a just and generous people. VII. Third, what mfort can we take from the increasing strains and tensions within the Communist bloc? Here hope must be tempered with caution. For the Soviet-Chinese disagreement is over means, not ends. A dispute over how best to bury the free world is no grounds for Western rejoicing. Nevertheless, while a strain is not a fracture, it is clear that the forces of diversity are at work inside the Communist camp, despite all the iron disciplines of regimentation and all the iron dogmatism's of ideology. Marx is proven wrong once again: for it is the closed Communist societies, not the free and open societies which carry within themselves the seeds of internal disintegration. The disarray of the Communist empire has been heightened by two other formidable forces. One is the historical force of nationalism-and the yearning of all men to be free. The other is the gross inefficiency of their enomies. For a closed society is not open to ideas of progress--and a police state finds that it cannot mmand the grain to grow. New nations asked to choose between two mpeting systems need only mpare nditions in East and West Germany, Eastern and Western Europe, North and South Viet-Nam. They need only mpare the disillusionment of Communist Cuba with the promise of the Alliance for Progress. And all the world knows that no successful system builds a wall to keep its people in and freedom out--and the wall of shame dividing Berlin is a symbol of Communist failure. VIII. "Finally, what can we do to move from the present pause toward enduring peace? Again I would unsel caution. I foresee no spectacular reversal in Communist methods or goals. But if all these trends and developments can persuade the Soviet Union to walk the path of peace, then let her know that all free nations will journey with her. But until that choice is made, and until the world can develop a reliable system of international security, the free peoples have no choice but to keep their arms nearby.   This untry, therefore, ntinues to require the best defense in the world--a defense which is suited to the sixties. This means, unfortunately, a rising defense budget-for there is no substitute for adequate defense, and no "bargain basement"" way of achieving it. It means the expenditure of more than billion this year on nuclear weapons systems alone, a sum which is about equal to the mbined defense budgets of our European Allies." But it also means improved air and missile defenses, improved civil defense, a strengthened anti-guerrilla capacity and, of prime importance, more powerful and flexible nonnuclear forces. For threats of massive retaliation may not deter piecemeal aggression-and a line of destroyers in a quarantine, or a division of well-equipped men on a border, may be more useful to our real security than the multiplication of awesome weapons beyond all rational need. But our mmitment to national safety is not a mmitment to expand our military establishment indefinitely. We do not dismiss disarmament as merely an idle dream. For we believe that, in the end, it is the only way to assure the security of all without impairing the interests of any. Nor do we mistake honorable negotiation for appeasement. While we shall never weary in the defense of freedom, neither shall we ever abandon the pursuit of peace. In this quest, the United Nations requires our full and ntinued support. Its value in serving the cause of peace has been shown anew in its role in the West New Guinea settlement, in its use as a forum for the Cuban crisis, and in its task of unification in the Congo. Today the United Nations is primarily the protector of the small and the weak, and a safety valve for the strong. Tomorrow it can form the framework for a world of law--a world in which no nation dictates the destiny of another, and in which the vast resources now devoted to destructive means will serve nstructive ends. In short, let our adversaries choose. If they choose peaceful mpetition, they shall have it. If they me to realize that their ambitions cannot succeed--if they see their wars of liberation" and subversion will ultimately fail--if they regnize that there is more security in accepting inspection than in permitting new nations to master the black arts of nuclear war--and if they are willing to turn their energies, as we are, to the great unfinished tasks of our own peoples--then, surely, the areas of agreement can be very wide indeed: a clear understanding about Berlin, stability in Southeast Asia, an end to nuclear testing, new checks on surprise or accidental attack, and, ultimately, general and mplete disarmament. IX. For we seek not the worldwide victory of one nation or system but a worldwide victory of man. The modern globe is too small, its weapons are too destructive, and its disorders are too ntagious to permit any other kind of victory. To achieve this end, the United States will ntinue to spend a greater portion of its national production than any other people in the free world. For years no other free nation has demanded so much of itself. Through hot wars and ld, through recession and prosperity, through the ages of the atom and outer space, the American people have never faltered and their faith has never flagged. If at times our actions seem to make life difficult for others, it is only because history has made life difficult for us all. But difficult days need not be dark. I think these are proud and memorable days in the cause of peace and freedom. We are proud, for example, of Major Rudolf Anderson who gave his life over the island of Cuba. We salute Specialist James Allen Johnson who died on the border of South Korea. We pay honor to Sergeant Gerald Pendell who was killed in Viet-Nam. They are among the many who in this century, far from home, have died for our untry. Our task now, and the task of all Americans is to live up to their mmitment. My friends: I close on a note of hope. We are not lulled by the momentary calm of the sea or the somewhat clearer skies above. We know the turbulence that lies below, and the storms that are beyond the horizon this year. But now the winds of change appear to be blowing more strongly than ever, in the world of mmunism as well as our own. For years we have sailed with those winds at our back, and with the tides of human freedom in our favor. We steer our ship with hope, as Thomas Jefferson said, leaving Fear astern." Today we still welme those winds of change--and we have every reason to believe that our tide is running strong. With thanks to Almighty God for seeing us through a perilous passage, we ask His help anew in guiding the Good Ship Union." [As delivered in person before a joint session] Mr. Vice President, my old lleague from Massachusetts and your new Speaker, John McCormack, Members of the th Congress, ladies and gentlemen: This week we begin anew our joint and separate efforts to build the American future. But, sadly, we build without a man who linked a long past with the present and looked strongly to the future. Mister Sam" Rayburn is gone. Neither this House nor the Nation is the same without him. Members of the Congress, the Constitution makes us not rivals for power but partners for progress. We are all trustees for the American people, custodians of the American heritage. It is my task to report the State of the Union--to improve it is the task of us all. In the past year, I have traveled not only across our own land but to other lands-to the North and the South, and across the seas. And I have found--as I am sure you have, in your travels--that people everywhere, in spite of occasional disappointments, look to us--not to our wealth or power, but to the splendor of our ideals. For our Nation is mmissioned by history to be either an observer of freedom's failure or the cause of its success. Our overriding obligation in the months ahead is to fulfill the world's hopes by fulfilling our own faith. . STRENGTHENING THE ECONOMY That task must begin at home. For if we cannot fulfill our own ideals here, we cannot expect others to accept them. And when the youngest child alive today has grown to the cares of manhood, our position in the world will be determined first of all by what provisions we make today--for his education, his health, and his opportunities for a good home and a good job and a good life. At home, we began the year in the valley of recession--we mpleted it on the high road of revery and growth. With the help of new ngressionally approved or administratively increased stimulants to our enomy, the number of major surplus labor u areas has declined from to ; nonagricultural employment has increased by more than a million jobs; and the average factory work-week has risen to well over hours. At year's end the enomy which Mr. Khrushchev once called a stumbling horse" was racing to new rerds in nsumer spending, labor inme, and industrial production. We are gratified--but we are not satisfied. Too many unemployed are still looking for the blessings of prosperity- As those who leave our schools and farms demand new jobs, automation takes old jobs away. To expand our growth and job opportunities, I urge on the Congress three measures: () First, the Manpower Training and Development Act, to stop the waste of able-bodied men and women who want to work, but whose only skill has been replaced by a machine, or moved with a mill, or shut down with a mine; () Send, the Youth Employment Opportunities Act, to help train and place not only the one million young Americans who are both out of school and out of work, but the twenty-six million young Americans entering the labor market in this decade; and () Third, the percent tax credit for investment in machinery and equipment, which, mbined with planned revisions of depreciation allowances, will spur our modernization, our growth, and our ability to mpete abroad. Moreover--pleasant as it may be to bask in the warmth of revery--let us not forget that we have suffered three recessions in the last years. The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining--by filling three basic gaps in our anti-recession protection. We need: "() First, presidential standby authority, subject to ngressional veto, to adjust personal inme tax rates downward within a specified range and time, to slow down an enomic decline before it has dragged us all down;   () Send, presidential standby authority, upon a given rise in the rate of unemployment, to accelerate Federal and federally-aided capital improvement programs; and" () Third, a permanent strengthening of our unemployment mpensation system--to maintain for our fellow citizens searching for a job who cannot find it, their purchasing power and their living standards without nstant resort--as we have seen in recent years by the Congress and the administrations-to temporary supplements. If we enact this six-part program, we can show the whole world that a free enomy need not be an unstable enomy--that a free system need not leave men unemployed--and that a free society is not only the most productive but the most stable form of organization yet fashioned by man. II. FIGHTING INFLATION But recession is only one enemy of a free enomy--inflation is another. Last year, , despite rising production and demand, nsumer prices held almost steady--and wholesale prices declined. This is the best rerd of overall price stability of any mparable period of revery since the end of World War II. Inflation too often follows in the shadow of growth--while price stability is made easy by stagnation or ntrols. But we mean to maintain both stability and growth in a climate of freedom. Our first line of defense against inflation is the good sense and public spirit of business and labor--keeping their total increases in wages and profits in step with productivity. There is no single statistical test to guide each mpany and each union. But I strongly urge them--for their untry's interest, and for their own--to apply the test of the public interest to these transactions. Within this same framework of growth and wage-price stability: --This administration has helped keep our enomy mpetitive by widening the access of small business to credit and Government ntracts, and by stepping up the drive against monopoly, price-fixing, and racketeering; --We will submit a Federal Pay Reform bill aimed at giving our classified, postal, and other employees new pay scales more mparable to those of private industry; --We are holding the fiscal budget deficit far below the level incurred after the last recession in ; and, finally, --I am submitting for fiscal a balanced Federal Budget. This is a joint responsibility, requiring Congressional operation on appropriations, and on three sources of inme in particular: () First, an increase in postal rates, to end the postal deficit; () Sendly, passage of the tax reforms previously urged, to remove unwarranted tax preferences, and to apply to dividends and to interest the same withholding requirements we have long applied to wages; and () Third, extension of the present excise and rporation tax rates, except for those changes--which will be remmended in a message--affecting transportation. III. GETTING AMERICA MOVING But a stronger nation and enomy require more than a balanced Budget. They require progress in those programs that spur our growth and fortify our strength. CITIES A strong America depends on its cities-America's glory, and sometimes America's shame. To substitute sunlight for ngestion and progress for decay, we have stepped up existing urban renewal and housing programs, and launched new ones--redoubled the attack on water pollution--speeded aid to airports, hospitals, highways, and our declining mass transit systems--and secured new weapons to mbat organized crime, racketeering, and youth delinquency, assisted by the ordinated and hard-hitting efforts of our investigative services: the FBI, the Internal Revenue, the Bureau of Nartics, and many others. We shall need further anti-crime, mass transit, and transportation legislation--and new tools to fight air pollution. And with all this effort under way, both equity and mmonsense require that our nation's urban areas--ntaining three-fourths of our population--sit as equals at the Cabinet table. I urge a new Department of Urban Affairs and Housing. AGRICULTURE AND RESOURCES A strong America also depends on its farms and natural resources. American farmers took heart in --from a billion dollar rise in farm inme--and from a hopeful start on reducing the farm surpluses. But we are still operating under a patchwork accumulation of old laws, which st us billion a year in CCC carrying charges alone, yet fail to halt rural poverty or boost farm earnings. Our task is to master and turn to fully fruitful ends the magnificent productivity of our farms and farmers. The revolution on our own untryside stands in the sharpest ntrast to the repeated farm failures of the Communist nations and is a source of pride to us all. Since our agricultural output per man-hour has actually doubled Without new, realistic measures, it will someday swamp our farmers and our taxpayers in a national scandal or a farm depression. I will, therefore, submit to the Congress a new mprehensive farm program--tailored to fit the use of our land and the supplies of each crop to the long-range needs of the sixties--and designed to prevent chaos in the sixties with a program of mmonsense. We also need for the sixties--if we are to bequeath our full national estate to our heirs--a new long-range nservation and recreation program--expansion of our superb national parks and forests--preservation of our authentic wilderness areas-new starts on water and power projects as our population steadily increases--and expanded REA generation and transmission loans. CIVIL RIGHTS But America stands for progress in human rights as well as enomic affairs, and a strong America requires the assurance of full and equal rights to all its citizens, of any race or of any lor. This administration has shown as never before how much uld be done through the full use of Executive powers--through the enforcement of laws already passed by the Congress-through persuasion, negotiation, and litigation, to secure the nstitutional rights of all: the right to vote, the right to travel Without hindrance across State lines, and the right to free public education. I issued last March a mprehensive order to guarantee the right to equal employment opportunity in all Federal agencies and ntractors. The Vice President's Committee thus created has done much, including the voluntary Plans for progress" which, in all sections of the untry, are achieving a quiet but striking success in opening up to all races new professional, supervisory, and other job opportunities. But there is much more to be done--by the Executive, by the urts, and by the Congress. Among the bills now pending before you, on which the executive departments will mment in detail, are appropriate methods of strengthening these basic rights which have our full support. The right to vote, for example, should no longer be denied through such arbitrary devices on a local level, sometimes abused, such as literacy tests and poll taxes. As we approach the th anniversary, next January, of the Emancipation Proclamation, let the acts of every branch of the Government--and every citizen--portray that righteousness does exalt a nation." HEALTH AND WELFARE Finally, a strong America cannot neglect the aspirations of its citizens--the welfare of the needy, the health care of the elderly, the education of the young. For we are not developing the Nation's wealth for its own sake. Wealth is the means--and people are the ends. All our material riches will avail us little if we do not use them to expand the opportunities of our people. Last year, we improved the diet of needy people--provided more hot lunches and fresh milk to school children built more llege dormitories--and, for the elderly, expanded private housing, nursing homes, heath services, and social security. But we have just begun. To help those least fortunate of all, I am remmending a new public welfare program, stressing services instead of support, rehabilitation instead of relief, and training for useful work instead of prolonged dependency. To relieve the critical shortage of doctors and dentists--and this is a matter which should ncern us all--and expand research, I urge action to aid medical and dental lleges and scholarships and to establish new National Institutes of Health. To take advantage of modern vaccination achievements, I am proposing a mass immunization program, aimed at the virtual elimination of such ancient enemies of our children as polio, diphtheria, whooping ugh, and tetanus. To protect our nsumers from the careless and the unscrupulous, I shall remmend improvements in the Food and Drug laws-strengthening inspection and standards, halting unsafe and worthless products, preventing misleading labels, and cracking down on the illicit sale of habit-forming drugs. But in matters of health, no piece of unfinished business is more important or more urgent than the enactment under the social security system of health insurance for the aged. For our older citizens have longer and more frequent illnesses, higher hospital and medical bills and too little inme to pay them. Private health insurance helps very few--for its st is high and its verage limited. Public welfare cannot help those too proud to seek relief but hard-pressed to pay their own bills. Nor can their children or grandchildren always sacrifice their own health budgets to meet this nstant drain. Social security has long helped to meet the hardships of retirement, death, and disability. I now urge that its verage be extended without further delay to provide health insurance for the elderly. EDUCATION Equally important to our strength is the quality of our education. Eight million adult Americans are classified as functionally illiterate. This is a disturbing figure--reflected in Selective Service rejection rates-reflected in welfare rolls and crime rates. And I shall remmend plans for a massive attack to end this adult illiteracy. I shall also remmend bills to improve educational quality, to stimulate the arts, and, at the llege level, to provide Federal loans for the nstruction of academic facilities and federally financed scholarships. If this Nation is to grow in wisdom and strength, then every able high school graduate should have the opportunity to develop his talents. Yet nearly half lack either the funds or the facilities to attend llege. Enrollments are going to double in our lleges in the short space of years. The annual st per student is skyrocketing to astronomical levels--now averaging , a year, although almost half of our families earn less than ,. They cannot afford such sts--but this Nation cannot afford to maintain its military power and neglect its brainpower. But excellence in education must begin at the elementary level. I sent to the Congress last year a proposal for Federal aid to public school nstruction and teachers' salaries. I believe that bill, which passed the Senate and received House Committee approval, offered the minimum amount required by our needs and--in terms of across-the-board aid--the maximum spe permitted by our Constitution. I therefore see no reason to weaken or withdraw that bill: and I urge its passage at this session. "Civilization," said H. G. Wells, is a race between education and catastrophe." It is up to you in this Congress to determine the winner of that race. These are not unrelated measures addressed to specific gaps or grievances in our national life. They are the pattern of our intentions and the foundation of our hopes. I believe in democracy," said Woodrow Wilson, because it releases the energy of every human being." The dynamic of democracy is the power and the purpose of the individual, and the policy of this administration is to give to the individual the opportunity to realize his own highest possibilities. Our program is to open to all the opportunity for steady and productive employment, to remove from all the handicap of arbitrary or irrational exclusion, to offer to all the facilities for education and health and welfare, to make society the servant of the individual and the individual the source of progress, and thus to realize for all the full promise of American life. IV. OUR GOALS ABROAD All of these efforts at home give meaning to our efforts abroad. Since the close of the Send World War, a global civil war has divided and tormented mankind. But it is not our military might, or our higher standard of living, that has most distinguished us from our adversaries. It is our belief that the state is the servant of the citizen and not his master. This basic clash of ideas and wills is but one of the forces reshaping our globe--swept as it is by the tides of hope and fear, by crises in the headlines today that beme mere footnotes tomorrow. Both the successes and the setbacks of the past year remain on our agenda of unfinished business. For every apparent blessing ntains the seeds of danger--every area of trouble gives out a ray of hope--and the one unchangeable certainty is that nothing is certain or unchangeable. "Yet our basic goal remains the same: a peaceful world mmunity of free and independent states--free to choose their own future and their own system, so long as it does not threaten the freedom of others.   Some may choose forms and ways that we would not choose for ourselves--but it is not for us that they are choosing. We can welme diversity--the Communists cannot. For we offer a world of choice--they offer the world of ercion. And the way of the past shows dearly that freedom, not ercion, is the wave of the future. At times our goal has been obscured by crisis or endangered by nflict--but it draws sustenance from five basic sources of strength:   --the moral and physical strength of the United States;   --the united strength of the Atlantic Community;   --the regional strength of our Hemispheric relations;   --the creative strength of our efforts in the new and developing nations; and   --the peace-keeping strength of the United Nations." V. OUR MILITARY STRENGTH Our moral and physical strength begins at home as already discussed. But it includes our military strength as well. So long as fanaticism and fear brood over the affairs of men, we must arm to deter others from aggression. In the past months our military posture has steadily improved. We increased the previous defense budget by percent--not in the expectation of war but for the preservation of peace. We more than doubled our acquisition rate of Polaris submarines--we doubled the production capacity for Minuteman missiles--and increased by percent the number of manned bombers standing ready on a minute alert. This year the mbined force levels planned under our new Defense budget--including nearly three hundred additional Polaris and Minuteman missiles--have been precisely calculated to insure the ntinuing strength of our nuclear deterrent. But our strength may be tested at many levels. We intend to have at all times the capacity to resist non-nuclear or limited attacks--as a mplement to our nuclear capacity, not as a substitute. We have rejected any all-or-nothing posture which would leave no choice but inglorious retreat or unlimited retaliation. Thus we have doubled the number of ready mbat divisions in the Army's strategic reserve--increased our troops in Europe--built up the Marines--added new sealift and airlift capacity--modernized our weapons and ammunition--expanded our anti-guerrilla forces--and increased the active fleet by more than vessels and our tactical air forces by nearly a dozen wings. Because we needed to reach this higher long-term level of readiness more quickly, , members of the Reserve and National Guard were activated under the Act of this Congress. Some disruptions and distress were inevitable. But the overwhelming majority bear their burdens--and their Nation's burdens--with admirable and traditional devotion. In the ming year, our reserve programs will be revised--two Army Divisions will, I hope, replace those Guard Divisions on duty--and substantial other increases will boost our Air Force fighter units, the procurement of equipment, and our ntinental defense and warning efforts. The Nation's first serious civil defense shelter program is under way, identifying, marking, and stocking million spaces; and I urge your approval of Federal incentives for the nstruction of public fall-out shelters in schools and hospitals and similar centers. VI. THE UNITED NATIONS But arms alone are not enough to keep the peace--it must be kept by men. Our instrument and our hope is the United Nations-and I see little merit in the impatience of those who would abandon this imperfect world instrument because they dislike our imperfect world. For the troubles of a world organization merely reflect the troubles of the world itself. And if the organization is weakened, these troubles can only increase. We may not always agree with every detailed action taken by every officer of the United Nations, or with every voting majority. But as an institution, it should have in the future, as it has had in the past since its inception, no stronger or more faithful member than the United States of America. In the peace-keeping strength of the United Nations was reinforced. And those who preferred or predicted its demise, envisioning a troika in the seat of Hammarskiold--or Red China inside the Assembly-have seen instead a new vigor, under a new Secretary General and a fully independent Secretariat. In making plans for a new forum and principles on disarmament for peace-keeping in outer space--for a decade of development effort--the UN fulfilled its Charter's lofty aim. Eighteen months ago the tangled and turbulent Congo presented the UN with its gravest challenge. The prospect was one of chaos--or certain big-power nfrontation, with all of its hazards and all of its risks, to us and to others. Today the hopes have improved for peaceful nciliation within a united Congo. This is the objective of our policy in this important area. No policeman is universally popular-particularly when he uses his stick to restore law and order on his beat. Those members who are willing to ntribute their votes and their views--but very little else--have created a serious deficit by refusing to pay their share of special UN assessments. Yet they do pay their annual assessments to retain their votes--and a new UN Bond issue, financing special operations for the next months, is to be repaid with interest from these regular assessments. This is clearly in our interest. It will not only keep the UN solvent, but require all voting members to pay their fair share of its activities. Our share of special operations has long been much higher than our share of the annual assessment--and the bond issue will in effect reduce our disproportionate obligation, and for these reasons, I am urging Congress to approve our participation. With the approval of this Congress, we have undertaken in the past year a great new effort in outer space. Our aim is not simply to be first on the moon, any more than Charles Lindbergh's real aim was to be the first to Paris. His aim was to develop the techniques of our own untry and other untries in the field of air and the atmosphere, and our objective in making this effort, which we hope will place one of our citizens on the moon, is to develop in a new frontier of science, mmerce and operation, the position of the United States and the Free World. This Nation belongs among the first to explore it, and among the first--if not the first--we shall be. We are offering our know-how and our operation to the United Nations. Our satellites will soon be providing other nations with improved weather observations. And I shall soon send to the Congress a measure to govern the financing and operation of an International Communications Satellite system, in a manner nsistent with the public interest and our foreign policy. But peace in space will help us naught once peace on earth is gone. World order will be secured only when the whole world has laid down these weapons which seem to offer us present security but threaten the future survival of the human race. That armistice day seems very far away. The vast resources of this planet are being devoted more and more to the means of destroying, instead of enriching, human life. But the world was not meant to be a prison in which man awaits his execution. Nor has mankind survived the tests and trials of thousands of years to surrender everything-including its existence--now. This Nation has the will and the faith to make a supreme effort to break the log jam on disarmament and nuclear tests--and we will persist until we prevail, until the rule of law has replaced the ever dangerous use of force. VII. LATIN AMERICA I turn now to a prospect of great promise: our Hemispheric relations. The Alliance for Progress is being rapidly transformed from proposal to program. Last month in Latin America I saw for myself the quickening of hope, the revival of nfidence, the new trust in our untry--among workers and farmers as well as diplomats. We have pledged our help in speeding their enomic, educational, and social progress. The Latin American Republics have in turn pledged a new and strenuous effort of self-help and self-reform. To support this historic undertaking, I am proposing--under the authority ntained in the bills of the last session of the Congress--a special long-term Alliance for Progress fund of billion. Combined with our Food for Peace, Export-Import Bank, and other resources, this will provide more than billion a year in new support for the Alliance. In addition, we have increased twelve-fold our Spanish and Portuguese language broadcasting in Latin America, and improved Hemispheric trade and defense. And while the blight of mmunism has been increasingly exposed and isolated in the Americas, liberty has sred a gain. The people of the Dominican Republic, with our firm enuragement and help, and those of our sister Republics of this Hemisphere are safely passing through the treacherous urse from dictatorship through disorder towards democracy. VIII. THE NEW AND DEVELOPING NATIONS Our efforts to help other new or developing nations, and to strengthen their stand for freedom, have also made progress. A newly unified Agency for International Development is reorienting our foreign assistance to emphasize long-term development loans instead of grants, more enomic aid instead of military, individual plans to meet the individual needs of the nations, and new standards on what they must do to marshal their own resources. A newly nceived Peace Corps is winning friends and helping people in fourteen untries--supplying trained and dedicated young men and women, to give these new nations a hand in building a society, and a glimpse of the best that is in our untry. If there is a problem here, it is that we cannot supply the spontaneous and mounting demand. A newly-expanded Food for Peace Pro-. gram is feeding the hungry of many lands with the abundance of our productive farms--providing lunches for children in school, wages for enomic development, relief for the victims of flood and famine, and a better diet for millions whose daily bread is their chief ncern. These programs help people; and, by helping people, they help freedom. The views of their governments may sometimes be very different from ours--but events in Africa, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe teach us never to write off any nation as lost to the Communists- That is the lesson of our time. We support the independence of those newer or weaker states whose history, geography, enomy or lack of power impels them to remain outside entangling alliances"--as we did for more than a century. For the independence of nations is a bar to the Communists' grand design"-it is the basis of our own. In the past year, for example, we have urged a neutral and independent Laos-regained there a mmon policy with our major allies--and insisted that a cease-fire precede negotiations. While a workable formula for supervising its independence is still to be achieved, both the spread of war-which might have involved this untry also--and a Communist occupation have thus far been prevented. A satisfactory settlement in Laos would also help to achieve and safeguard the peace in Viet-Nam--where the foe is increasing his tactics of terror--where our own efforts have been stepped up--and where the local government has initiated new programs and reforms to broaden the base of resistance. The systematic aggression now bleeding that untry is not a war of liberation"--for Viet-Nam is already free. It is a war of attempted subjugation--and it will be resisted. IX. THE ATLANTIC COMMUNITY Finally, the united strength of the Atlantic Community has flourished in the last year under severe tests. NATO has increased both the number and the readiness of its air, ground, and naval units--both its nuclear and non-nuclear capabilities. Even greater efforts by all its members are still required. Nevertheless our unity of purpose and will has been, I believe, immeasurably strengthened. The threat to the brave city of Berlin remains. In these last months the Allies have made it unmistakably clear that our presence in Berlin, our free access thereto, and the freedom of two million West Berliners would not be surrendered either to force or through appeasement--and to maintain those rights and obligations, we are prepared to talk, when appropriate, and to fight, if necessary. Every member of NATO stands with us in a mmon mmitment to preserve this symbol of free man's will to remain free. I cannot now predict the urse of future negotiations over Berlin. I can only say that we are sparing no honorable effort to find a peaceful and mutually acceptable resolution of this problem. I believe such a resolution can be found, and with it an improvement in our relations with the Soviet Union, if only the leaders in the Kremlin will regnize the basic rights and interests involved, and the interest of all mankind in peace. But the Atlantic Community is no longer ncerned with purely military aims. As its mmon undertakings grow at an ever-increasing pace, we are, and increasingly will be, partners in aid, trade, defense, diplomacy, and monetary affairs. The emergence of the new Europe is being matched by the emergence of new ties across the Atlantic. It is a matter of undramatic daily operation in hundreds of workaday tasks: of currencies kept in effective relation, of development loans meshed together, of standardized weapons, and ncerted diplomatic positions. The Atlantic Community grows, not like a volcanic mountain, by one mighty explosion, but like a ral reef, from the accumulating activity of all. Thus, we in the free world are moving steadily toward unity and operation, in the teeth of that old Bolshevik prophecy, and at the very time when extraordinary rumbles of disrd can be heard across the Iron Curtain. It is not free societies which bear within them the seeds of inevitable disunity. X. OUR BALANCE OF PAYMENTS On one special problem, of great ncern to our friends, and to us, I am proud to give the Congress an enuraging report. Our efforts to safeguard the dollar are progressing. In the months preceding last February , we suffered a net loss of nearly billion in gold. In the months that followed, the loss was just over half a billion dollars. And our deficit in our basic transactions with the rest of the world--trade, defense, foreign aid, and capital, excluding volatile short-term flows--has been reduced from billion for to about one-third that amount for . Speculative fever against the dollar is ending--and nfidence in the dollar has been restored. We did not--and uld not--achieve these gains through import restrictions, troop withdrawals, exchange ntrols, dollar devaluation or choking off domestic revery. We acted not in panic but in perspective. But the problem is not yet solved. Persistently large deficits would endanger our enomic growth and our military and defense mmitments abroad. Our goal must be a reasonable equilibrium in our balance of payments. With the operation of the Congress, business, labor, and our major allies, that goal can be reached. We shall ntinue to attract foreign tourists and investments to our shores, to seek increased military purchases here by our allies, to maximize foreign aid procurement from American firms, to urge increased aid from other fortunate nations to the less fortunate, to seek tax laws which do not favor investment in other industrialized nations or tax havens, and to urge ordination of allied fiscal and monetary policies So as to disurage large and disturbing capital movements. TRADE Above all, if we are to pay for our mmitments abroad, we must expand our exports. Our businessmen must be export nscious and export mpetitive. Our tax policies must spur modernization of our plants--our wage and price gains must be nsistent with productivity to hold the line on prices--our export credit and promotion campaigns for American industries must ntinue to expand. But the greatest challenge of all is posed by the growth of the European Common Market. Assuming the accession of the United Kingdom, there will arise across the Atlantic a trading partner behind a single external tariff similar to ours with an enomy which nearly equals our own. Will we in this untry adapt our thinking to these new prospects and patterns--or will we wait until events have passed us by? This is the year to decide. The Reciprocal Trade Act is expiring. We need a new law--a wholly new approach--a bold new instrument of American trade policy. Our decision uld well affect the unity of the West, the urse of the Cold War, and the enomic growth of our Nation for a generation to me. If we move decisively, our factories and farms can increase their sales to their richest, fastest-growing market. Our exports will increase. Our balance of payments position will improve. And we will have forged across the Atlantic a trading partnership with vast resources for freedom. If, on the other hand, we hang back in deference to local enomic pressures, we will find ourselves cut off from our major allies. Industries--and I believe this is most vital--industries will move their plants and jobs and capital inside the walls of the Common Market, and jobs, therefore, will be lost here in the United States if they cannot otherwise mpete for its nsumers. Our farm surpluses--our balance of trade, as you all know, to Europe, the Common Market, in farm products, is nearly three or four to one in our favor, amounting to one of the best earners of dollars in our balance of payments structure, and without entrance to this Market, without the ability to enter it, our farm surpluses will pile up in the Middle West, tobac in the South, and other mmodities, which have gone through Western Europe for years. Our balance of payments position will worsen. Our nsumers, will lack a wider choice of goods at lower prices. And millions of American workers-whose jobs depend on the sale or the transportation or the distribution of exports or imports, or whose jobs will be endangered by the movement of our capital to Europe, or whose jobs can be maintained only in. an expanding enomy--these millions of workers in your home States and mine will see their real interests sacrificed. Members of the Congress: The United States did not rise to greatness by waiting for others to lead. This Nation is the world's foremost manufacturer, farmer, banker, nsumer, and exporter. The Common Market is moving ahead at an enomic growth rate twice ours. The Communist enomic offensive is under way. The opportunity is ours--the initiative is up to us--and I believe that is the time. To seize that initiative, I shall shortly send to the Congress a new five-year Trade Expansion Action, far-reaching in spe but designed with great care to make certain that its benefits to our people far outweigh any risks. The bill will permit the gradual elimination of tariffs here in the United States and in the Common Market on those items in which we together supply percent of the world's trade--mostly items in which our own ability to mpete is demonstrated by the fact that we sell abroad, in these items, substantially more than we import. This step will make it possible for our major industries to mpete with their unterparts in Western Europe for access to European nsumers. On other goods the bill will permit a gradual reduction of duties up to percent-permitting bargaining by major categories-and provide for appropriate and tested forms of assistance to firms and employees adjusting to import mpetition. We are not neglecting the safeguards provided by peril points, an escape clause, or the National Security Amendment. Nor are we abandoning our non-European friends or our traditional most-favored nation" principle. On the ntrary, the bill will provide new enuragement for their sale of tropical agricultural products, so important to our friends in Latin America, who have long depended upon the European market, who now find themselves faced with new challenges which we must join with them in overming. Concessions, in this bargaining, must of urse be reciprocal, not unilateral. The Common Market will not fulfill its own high promise unless its outside tariff walls are low. The dangers of restriction or timidity in our own policy have unterparts for our friends in Europe. For together we face a mmon challenge: to enlarge the prosperity of free men everywhere--to build in partnership a new trading mmunity in which all free nations may gain from the productive energy of free mpetitive effort. These various elements in our foreign policy lead, as I have said, to a single goal--the goal of a peaceful world of free and independent states. This is our guide for the present and our vision for the future--a free mmunity of nations, independent but interdependent, uniting north and south, east and west, in one great family of man, outgrowing and transcending the hates and fears that rend our age. We will not reach that goal today, or tomorrow. We may not reach it in our own lifetime. But the quest is the greatest adventure of our century. We sometimes chafe at the burden of our obligations, the mplexity of our decisions, the agony of our choices. But there is no mfort or security for us in evasion, no solution in abdication, no relief in irresponsibility. A year ago, in assuming the tasks of the Presidency, I said that few generations, in all history, had been granted the role of being the great defender of freedom in its hour of maximum danger. This is our good fortune; and I welme it now as I did a year ago. For it is the fate of this generation-of you in the Congress and of me as President--to live with a struggle we did not start, in a world we did not make. But the pressures of life are not always distributed by choice. And while no nation has ever faced such a challenge, no nation has ever been so ready to seize the burden and the glory of freedom. And in this high endeavor, may God watch over the United States of America. [As delivered in person before a joint session] Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the Congress: It is a pleasure to return from whence I came. You are among my oldest friends in Washington--and this House is my oldest home. It was here, more than years ago, that I first took the oath of Federal office. It was here, for years, that I gained both knowledge and inspiration from members of both parties in both Houses--from your wise and generous leaders--and from the pronouncements which I can vividly recall, sitting where you now sit--including the programs of two great Presidents, the undimmed eloquence of Churchill, the soaring idealism of Nehru, the steadfast words of General de Gaulle. To speak from this same historic rostrum is a sobering experience. To be back among so many friends is a happy one. I am nfident that that friendship will ntinue. Our Constitution wisely assigns both joint and separate roles to each branch of the government; and a President and a Congress who hold each other in mutual respect will neither permit nor attempt any trespass. For my part, I shall withhold from neither the Congress nor the people any fact or report, past, present, or future, which is necessary for an informed judgment of our nduct and hazards. I shall neither shift the burden of executive decisions to the Congress, nor avoid responsibility for the outme of those decisions. I speak today in an hour of national peril and national opportunity. Before my term has ended, we shall have to test anew whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure. The outme is by no means certain. The answers are by no means clear. All of us together--this Administration, this Congress, this nation-must forge those answers. But today, were I to offer--after little more than a week in office--detailed legislation to remedy every national ill, the Congress would rightly wonder whether the desire for speed had replaced the duty of responsibility. My remarks, therefore, will be limited. But they will also be candid. To state the facts frankly is not to despair the future nor indict the past. The prudent heir takes careful inventory of his legacies, and gives a faithful acunting to those whom he owes an obligation of trust. And, while the occasion does not call for another recital of our blessings and assets, we do have no greater asset than the willingness of a free and determined people, through its elected officials, to face all problems frankly and meet all dangers free from panic or fear. The present state of our enomy is disturbing. We take office in the wake of seven months of recession, three and one-half years of slack, seven years of diminished enomic growth, and nine years of falling farm inme. Business bankruptcies have reached their highest level since the Great Depression. Since farm inme has been squeezed down by percent. Save for a brief period in , insured unemployment is at the highest peak in our history. Of some five and one-half million Americans who are without jobs, more than one million have been searching for work for more than four months. And during each month some , workers are exhausting their already meager jobless benefit rights. Nearly, one-eighth of those who are without jobs live almost without hope in nearly one hundred especially depressed and troubled areas. The rest include new school graduates unable to use their talents, farmers forced to give up their part-time jobs which helped balance their family budgets, skilled and unskilled workers laid off in such important industries as metals, machinery, automobiles and apparel. Our revery from the recession, moreover, was anemic and inmplete. Our Gross National Product never regained its full potential. Unemployment never returned to normal levels. Maximum use of our national industrial capacity was never restored. In short, the American enomy is in trouble. The most resourceful industrialized untry on earth ranks among the last in the rate of enomic growth. Since last spring our enomic growth rate has actually receded. Business investment is in a decline. Profits have fallen below predicted levels. Construction is off. A million unsold automobiles are in inventory. Fewer people are working--and the average work week has shrunk well below hours. Yet prices have ntinued to rise--so that now too many Americans have less to spend for items that st more to buy. Enomic prophecy is at best an uncertain art--as demonstrated by the prediction one year ago from this same podium that would be, and I quote, the most prosperous year in our history." Nevertheless, forecasts of ntinued slack and only slightly reduced unemployment through and have been made with alarming unanimity-and this Administration does not intend to stand helplessly by. We cannot afford to waste idle hours and empty plants while awaiting the end of the recession. We must show the world what a free enomy can do--to reduce unemployment, to put unused capacity to work, to spur new productivity, and to foster higher enomic growth within a range of sound fiscal policies and relative price stability. I will propose to the Congress within the next days measures to improve unemployment mpensation through temporary increases in duration on a self-supporting basis--to provide more food for the families of the unemployed, and to aid their needy children--to redevelop our areas of chronic labor surplus--to expand the services of the U.S. Employment Offices--to stimulate housing and nstruction--to secure more purchasing power for our lowest paid workers by raising and expanding the minimum wage--to offer tax incentives for sound plant investment--to increase the development of our natural resources--to enurage price stability--and to take other steps aimed at insuring a prompt revery and paving the way for increased long-range growth. This is not a partisan program ncentrating on our weaknesses--it is, I hope, a national program to realize our national strength. II. Efficient expansion at home, stimulating the new plant and technology that can make our goods more mpetitive, is also the key to the international balance of payments problem. Laying aside all alarmist talk and panicky solutions, let us put that knotty problem in its proper perspective. It is true that, since , the gap between the dollars we spend or invest abroad and the dollars returned to us has substantially widened. This overall deficit in our balance of payments increased by nearly billion in the years--and holders of dollars abroad nverted them to gold in such a quantity as to cause a total outflow of nearly billion of gold from our reserve. The deficit was caused in large part by the failure of our exports to penetrate foreign markets-the result both of restrictions on our goods and our own unmpetitive prices. The deficit, on the other hand, was more the result of an increase in private capital outflow seeking new opportunity, higher return or speculative advantage abroad. Meanwhile this untry has ntinued to bear more than its share of the West's military and foreign aid obligations. Under existing policies, another deficit of billion is predicted for --and individuals in those untries whose dollar position once depended on these deficits for improvement now wonder aloud whether our gold reserves will remain sufficient to meet our own obligations. All this is cause for ncern--but it is not cause for panic. For our monetary and financial position remains exceedingly strong. Including our drawing rights in the International Monetary Fund and the gold reserve held as backing for our currency and Federal Reserve deposits, we have some billion in total gold stocks and other international monetary reserves available-and I now pledge that their full strength stands behind the value of the dollar for use if needed. Moreover, we hold large assets abroad-the total owed this nation far exceeds the claims upon our reserves--and our exports once again substantially exceed our imports. In short, we need not--and we shall not-take any action to increase the dollar price of gold from an ounce--to impose exchange ntrols--to reduce our anti-recession efforts--to fall back on restrictive trade policies--or to weaken our mmitments around the world. This Administration will not distort the value of the dollar in any fashion. And this is a mmitment. Prudence and good sense do require, however, that new steps be taken to ease the payments deficit and prevent any gold crisis. Our success in world affairs has long depended in part upon foreign nfidence in our ability to pay. A series of executive orders, legislative remedies and operative efforts with our allies will get underway immediately--aimed at attracting foreign investment and travel to this untry-promoting American exports, at stable prices and with more liberal government guarantees and financing--curbing tax and customs loopholes that enurage undue spending of private dollars abroad--and through OECD, NATO and otherwise) sharing with our allies all efforts to provide for the mmon defense of the free world and the hopes for growth of the less developed lands. While the current deficit lasts, ways will be found to ease our dollar outlays abroad without placing the full burden on the families of men whom we have asked to serve our Flag overseas. In short, whatever is required will be done to back up all our efforts abroad, and to make certain that, in the future as in the past, the dollar is as sound as a dollar." III. But more than our exchange of international payments is out of balance. The current Federal budget for fiscal is almost certain to show a net deficit. The budget already submitted for fiscal will remain in balance only if the Congress enacts all the revenue measures requested--and only if an earlier and sharper up-turn in the enomy than my enomic advisers now think likely produces the tax revenues estimated. Nevertheless, a new Administration must of necessity build on the spending and revenue estimates already submitted. Within that framework, barring the development of urgent national defense needs or a worsening of the enomy, it is my current intention to advocate a program of expenditures which, including revenues from a stimulation of the enomy, will not of and by themselves unbalance the earlier Budget. However, we will do what must be done. For our national household is cluttered with unfinished and neglected tasks. Our cities are being engulfed in squalor. Twelve long years after Congress declared our goal to be a decent home and a suitable environment for every American family," we still have million Americans living in substandard homes. A new housing program under a new Housing and Urban Affairs Department will be needed this year. Our classrooms ntain million more children than they can properly have room for, taught by , teachers not properly qualified to teach. One third of our most promising high school graduates are financially unable to ntinue the development of their talents. The war babies of the 's, who overcrowded our schools in the 's, are now descending in upon our lleges-with two llege students for every one, ten years from now--and our lleges are ill prepared. We lack the scientists, the engineers and the teachers our world obligations require. We have neglected oceanography, saline water nversion, and the basic research that lies at the root of all progress. Federal grants for both higher and public school education can no longer be delayed. Medical research has achieved new wonders--but these wonders are too often beyond the reach of too many people, owing to a lack of inme particularly among the aged a lack of hospital beds, a lack of nursing homes and a lack of doctors and dentists. Measures to provide health care for the aged under Social Security, and to increase the supply of both facilities and personnel, must be undertaken this year. Our supply of clean water is dwindling. Organized and juvenile crimes st the taxpayers millions of dollars each year, making it essential that we have improved enforcement and new legislative safeguards. The denial of nstitutional rights to some of our fellow Americans on acunt of race--at the ballot box and elsewhere--disturbs the national nscience, and subjects us to the charge of world opinion that our democracy is not equal to the high promise of our heritage. Morality in private business has not been sufficiently spurred by morality in public business. A host of problems and projects in all States, though not possible to include in this Message, deserves-and will receive--the attention of both the Congress and the Executive Branch. On most of these matters, Messages will be sent to the Congress within the next two weeks. IV. But all these problems pale when placed beside those which nfront us around the world. No man entering upon this office, regardless of his party, regardless of his previous service in Washington, uld fail to be staggered upon learning--even in this brief day period--the harsh enormity of the trials through which we must pass in the next four years. Each day the crises multiply. Each day their solution grows more difficult. Each day we draw nearer the hour of maximum danger, as weapons spread and hostile forces grow stronger. I feel I must inform the Congress that our analyses over the last ten days make it clear that--in each of the principal areas of crisis--the tide of events has been running out and time has not been our friend. In Asia, the relentless pressures of the Chinese Communists menace the security of the entire area--from the borders of India and South Viet Nam to the jungles of Laos, struggling to protect its newly-won independence. We seek in Laos what we seek in all Asia, and, indeed, in all of the world-freedom for the people and independence for the government. And this Nation shall persevere in our pursuit of these objectives. In Africa, the Congo has been brutally torn by civil strife, political unrest and public disorder. We shall ntinue to support the heroic efforts of the United Nations to restore peace and order--efforts which are now endangered by mounting tensions, unsolved problems, and decreasing support from many member states. In Latin America, Communist agents seeking to exploit that region's peaceful revolution of hope have established a base on Cuba, only miles from our shores. Our objection with Cuba is not over the people's drive for a better life. Our objection is to their domination by foreign and domestic tyrannies. Cuban social and enomic reform should be enuraged. Questions of enomic and trade policy can always be negotiated. But Communist domination in this Hemisphere can never be negotiated. We are pledged to work with our sister republics to free the Americas of all such foreign domination and all tyranny, working toward the goal of a free hemisphere of free governments, extending from Cape Horn to the Arctic Circle. In Europe our alliances are unfulfilled and in some disarray. The unity of NATO has been weakened by enomic rivalry and partially eroded by national interest. It has not yet fully mobilized its resources nor fully achieved a mmon outlook. Yet no Atlantic power can meet on its own the mutual problems now facing us in defense, foreign aid, monetary reserves, and a host of other areas; and our close ties with those whose hopes and interests we share are among this Nation's most powerful assets. Our greatest challenge is still the world that lies beyond the Cold War--but the first great obstacle is still our relations with the Soviet Union and Communist China. We must never be lulled into believing that either power has yielded its ambitions for world domination--ambitions which they forcefully restated only a short time ago. On the ntrary, our task is to nvince them that aggression and subversion will not be profitable routes to pursue these ends. Open and peaceful mpetition--for prestige, for markets, for scientific achievement, even for men's minds--is something else again. For if Freedom and Communism were to mpete for man's allegiance in a world at peace, I would look to the future with ever increasing nfidence. To meet this array of challenges--to fulfill the role we cannot avoid on the world scene--we must reexamine and revise our whole arsenal of tools: military, enomic and political. One must not overshadow the other: On the Presidential Coat of Arms, the American eagle holds in his right talon the olive branch, while in his left he holds a bundle of arrows. We intend to give equal attention to both. First, we must strengthen our military tools. We are moving into a period of uncertain risk and great mmitment in which both the military and diplomatic possibilities require a Free World force so powerful as to make any aggression clearly futile. Yet in the past, lack of a nsistent, herent military strategy, the absence of basic assumptions about our national requirements and the faulty estimates and duplication arising from inter-service rivalries have all made it difficult to assess accurately how adequate--or inadequate--our defenses really are. I have, therefore, instructed the Secretary of Defense to reappraise our entire defense strategy--our ability to fulfill our mmitments-the effectiveness, vulnerability, and dispersal of our strategic bases, forces and warning systems--the efficiency and enomy of our operation and organization-the elimination of obsolete bases and installations-and the adequacy, modernization and mobility of our present nventional and nuclear forces and weapons systems in the light of present and future dangers. I have asked for preliminary nclusions by the end of February--and I then shall remmend whatever legislative, budgetary or executive action is needed in the light of these nclusions. In the meantime, I have asked the Defense Secretary to initiate immediately three new steps most clearly needed now: First, l have directed prompt attention to increase our air-lift capacity. Obtaining additional air transport mobility--and obtaining it now--will better assure the ability of our nventional forces to respond, with discrimination and speed, to any problem at any spot on the globe at any moment's notice. In particular it will enable us to meet any deliberate effort to avoid or divert our forces by starting limited wars in widely scattered parts of the globe. (b) I have directed prompt action to step up our Polaris submarine program. Using unobligated ship-building funds now to let ntracts originally scheduled for the next fiscal year) will build and place on station--at least nine months earlier than planned-substantially more units of a crucial deterrent--a fleet that will never attack first, but possess sufficient powers of retaliation, ncealed beneath the seas, to disurage any aggressor from launching an attack upon our security. (c) I have directed prompt action to accelerate our entire missile program. Until the Secretary of Defense's reappraisal is mpleted, the emphasis here will be largely on improved organization and decision making--on cutting down the wasteful duplications and the time-lag that have handicapped our whole family of missiles. If we are to keep the peace, we need an invulnerable missile force powerful enough to deter any aggressor from even threatening an attack that he would know uld not destroy enough of our force to prevent his own destruction. For as I said upon taking the oath of office: Only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain beyond doubt that they will never be employed." Sendly, we must improve our enomic tools. Our role is essential and unavoidable in the nstruction of a sound and expanding enomy for the entire non-mmunist world, helping other nations build the strength to meet their own problems, to satisfy their own aspirations--to surmount their own dangers. The problems in achieving this goal are towering and unprecedented-the response must be towering and unprecedented as well, much as Lend-Lease and the Marshall Plan were in earlier years, which brought such fruitful results. (a) I intend to ask the Congress for authority to establish a new and more effective program for assisting the enomic, educational and social development of other untries and ntinents. That program must stimulate and take more effectively into acunt the ntributions of our allies, and provide central policy direction for all our own programs that now so often overlap, nflict or diffuse our energies and resources. Such a program, mpared to past programs, will require --more flexibility for short run emergencies --more mmitment to long term development -new attention to education at all levels -greater emphasis on the recipient nation's role, their effort, their purpose, with greater social justice for their people, broader distribution and participation by their people and more efficient public administration and more efficient tax systems of their own --and orderly planning for national and regional development instead of a piecemeal approach. I hope the Senate will take early action approving the Convention establishing the Organization for Enomic Cooperation and Development. This will be an important instrument in sharing with our allies this development effort--working toward the time when each nation will ntribute in proportion to its ability to pay. For, while we are prepared to assume our full share of these huge burdens, we cannot and must not be expected to bear them alone. To our sister republics to the south, we have pledged a new alliance for progress-alianza para progreso. Our goal is a free and prosperous Latin America, realizing for all its states and all its citizens a degree of enomic and social progress that matches their historic ntributions of culture, intellect and liberty. To start this nation's role at this time in that alliance of neighbors, I am remmending the following: --That the Congress appropriate in full the million fund pledged by the Act of Bogota, to be used not as an instrument of the Cold War, but as a first step in the sound development of the Americas. "--That a new Inter-Departmental Task Force be established under the leadership of the Department of State, to ordinate at the highest level all policies and programs of ncern to the Americas. --That our delegates to the OAS, working with those of other members, strengthen that body as an instrument to preserve the peace and to prevent foreign domination anywhere in the Hemisphere." --That, in operation with other nations, we launch a new hemispheric attack on illiteracy and inadequate educational opportunities to all levels; and, finally, --That a Food-for-Peace mission be sent immediately to Latin America to explore ways in which our vast food abundance can be used to help end hunger and malnutrition in certain areas of suffering in our own hemisphere. This Administration is expanding its Food-for-Peace Program in every possible way. The product of our abundance must be used more effectively to relieve hunger and help enomic growth in all rners of the globe. And I have asked the Director of this Program to remmend additional ways in which these surpluses can advance the interests of world peace--including the establishment of world food reserves. An even more valuable national asset is our reservoir of dedicated men and women-not only on our llege campuses but in every age group--who have indicated their desire to ntribute their skills, their efforts, and a part of their lives to the fight for world order. We can mobilize this talent through the formation of a National Peace Corps, enlisting the services of all those with the desire and capacity to help foreign lands meet their urgent needs for trained personnel. Finally, while our attention is centered on the development of the nonmmunist world, we must never forget our hopes for the ultimate freedom and welfare of the Eastern European peoples. In order to be prepared to help re-establish historic ties of friendship, I am asking the Congress for increased discretion to use enomic tools in this area whenever this is found to be clearly in the national interest. This will require amendment of the Mutual Defense Assistance Control Act along the lines I proposed as a member of the Senate, and upon which the Senate voted last summer. Meanwhile, I hope to explore with the Polish government the possibility of using our frozen Polish funds on projects of peace that will demonstrate our abiding friendship for and interest in the people of Poland. Third, we must sharpen our political and diplomatic tools the means of operation and agreement on which an enforceable world order must ultimately rest. I have already taken steps to ordinate and expand our disarmament effort--to increase our programs of research and study-and to make arms ntrol a central goal of our national policy under my direction. The deadly arms race, and the huge resources it absorbs, have too long overshadowed all else we must do. We must prevent that arms race from spreading to new nations, to new nuclear powers and to the reaches of outer space. We must make certain that our negotiators are better informed and better prepared--to formulate workable proposals of our own and to make sound judgments about the proposals of others. I have asked the other governments ncerned to agree to a reasonable delay in the talks on a nuclear test ban--and it is our intention to resume negotiations prepared to reach a final agreement with any nation that is equally willing to agree to an effective and enforceable treaty. We must increase our support of the United Nations as an instrument to end the Cold War instead of an arena in which to fight it. In regnition of its increasing importance and the doubling of its membership --we are enlarging and strengthening our own mission to the U.N. --we shall help insure that it is properly financed. --we shall work to see that the integrity of the office of the Secretary-General is maintained. --And I would address a special plea to the smaller nations of the world--to join with us in strengthening this organization, which is far more essential to their security than it is to ours--the only body in the world where no nation need be powerful to be secure, where every nation has an equal voice, and where any nation can exert influence not acrding to the strength of its armies but acrding to the strength of its ideas. It deserves the support of all. Finally, this Administration intends to explore promptly all possible areas of operation with the Soviet Union and other nations to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors." Specifically, I now invite all nations--including the Soviet Union--to join with us in developing a weather prediction program, in a new mmunications satellite program and in preparation for probing the distant planets of Mars and Venus, probes which may someday unlock the deepest secrets of the universe. Today this untry is ahead in the science and technology of space, while the Soviet Union is ahead in the capacity to lift large vehicles into orbit. Both nations would help themselves as well as other nations by ten moving these endeavors from the bitter and wasteful mpetition of the Cold War. The United States would be willing to join with the Soviet Union and the scientists of all nations in a greater effort to make the fruits of this new knowledge available to all-and, beyond that, in an effort to extend farm technology to hungry nations--to wipe out disease--to increase the exchanges of scientists and. their knowledge--and to make our own laboratories available to technicians of other lands who lack the facilities to pursue their own work. Where nature makes natural allies of us all, we can demonstrate that beneficial relations are possible even with those with whom we most deeply disagree-and this must someday be the basis of world peace and world law. V. I have mmented on the state of the domestic enomy, our balance of payments, our Federal and social budget and the state of the world. I would like to nclude with a few remarks about the state of the Executive branch. We have found it full of honest and useful public servants--but their capacity to act decisively at the exact time action is needed has too often been muffled in the morass of mmittees, timidities and fictitious theories which have created a growing gap between decision and execution, between planning and reality. In a time of rapidly deteriorating situations at home and abroad, this is bad for the public service and particularly bad for the untry; and we mean to make a change. I have pledged myself and my lleagues in the cabinet to a ntinuous enuragement of initiative, responsibility and energy in serving the public interest. Let every public servant know, whether his post is high or low, that a man's rank and reputation in this Administration will be determined by the size of the job he does, and not by the size of his staff, his office or his budget. Let it be clear that this Administration regnizes the value of dissent and daring--that we greet healthy ntroversy as the hallmark of healthy change. Let the public service be a proud and lively career. And let every man and woman who works in any area of our national government, in any branch, at any level, be able to say with pride and with honor in future years: I served the United States government in that hour of our nation's need." For only with mplete dedication by us all to the national interest can we bring our untry through the troubled years that lie ahead. Our problems are critical. The tide is unfavorable. The news will be worse before it is better. And while hoping and working for the best, we should prepare ourselves now for the worst. We cannot escape our dangers--neither must we let them drive us into panic or narrow isolation. In many areas of the world where the balance of power already rests with our adversaries, the forces of freedom are sharply divided. It is one of the ironies of our time that the techniques of a harsh and repressive system should be able to instill discipline and ardor in its servants--while the blessings of liberty have too often stood for privilege, materialism and a life of ease. But I have a different view of liberty. Life in will not be easy. Wishing it, predicting it, even asking for it, will not make it so. There will be further setbacks before the tide is turned. But turn it we must. The hopes of all mankind rest upon us--not simply upon those of us in this chamber, but upon the peasant in Laos, the fisherman in Nigeria, the exile from Cuba, the spirit that moves every man and Nation who shares our hopes for freedom and the future. And in the final analysis, they rest most of all upon the pride and perseverance of our fellow citizens of the great Republic. In the words of a great President, whose birthday we honor today, closing his final State of the Union Message sixteen years ago, We pray that we may be worthy of the unlimited opportunities that God has given us." To the Congress of the United States: Once again it is my Constitutional duty to assess the state of the Union. On each such previous occasion during these past eight years I have outlined a forward urse designed to achieve our mutual objective--a better America in a world of peace. This time my function is different. The American people, in free election, have selected new leadership which soon will be entrusted with the management of our government. A new President shortly will lay before you his proposals to shape the future of our great land. To him, every citizen, whatever his political beliefs, prayerfully extends best wishes for good health and for wisdom and success in ping with the problems that nfront our Nation. For my part, I should like, first, to express to you of the Congress, my appreciation of your devotion to the mmon good and your friendship over these difficult years. I will carry with me pleasant memories of this association in endeavors profoundly significant to all our people. We have been through a lengthy period in which the ntrol over the executive and legislative branches of government has been divided between our two great political parties. Differences, of urse, we have had, particularly in domestic affairs. But in a united determination to keep this Nation strong and free and to utilize our vast resources for the advancement of all mankind, we have carried America to unprecedented heights. For this operative achievement I thank the American people and those in the Congress of both parties who have supported programs in the interest of our untry. I should also like to give special thanks for the devoted service of my associates in the Executive Branch and the hundreds of thousands of career employees who have implemented our diverse government programs. My send purpose is to review briefly the rerd of these past eight years in the hope that, out of the sum of these experiences, lessons will emerge that are useful to our Nation. Supporting this review are detailed reports from the several agencies and departments, all of which are now or will shortly be available to the Congress. Throughout the world the years since have been a period of profound change. The human problems in the world grow more acute hour by hour; yet new gains in science and technology ntinually extend the promise of a better life. People yearn to be free, to govern themselves; yet a third of the people of the world have no freedom, do not govern themselves. The world regnizes the catastrophic nature of nuclear war; yet it sees the wondrous potential of nuclear peace. During the period, the United States has forged ahead under a nstructive foreign policy. The ntinuing goal is peace, liberty, and well-being--for others as well as ourselves. The aspirations of all peoples are one--peace with justice in freedom. Peace can only be attained llectively as peoples everywhere unite in their determination that liberty and well-being me to all mankind. Yet while we have worked to advance national aspirations for freedom, a divisive force has been at work to divert that aspiration into dangerous channels. The Communist movement throughout the world exploits the natural striving of all to be free and attempts to subjugate men rather than free them. These activities have caused and are ntinuing to cause grave troubles in the world. Here at home these have been times for careful adjustment of our enomy from the artificial impetus of a hot war to nstructive growth in a precarious peace. While building a new enomic vitality without inflation, we have also increased public expenditures to keep abreast of the needs of a growing population and its attendant new problems, as well as our added international responsibilities. We have worked toward these ends in a ntext of shared responsibility--nscious of the need for maximum spe to private effort and for State and local, as well as Federal, governmental action. Success in designing and executing national purposes, domestically and abroad, can only me from a steadfast resolution that integrity in the operation of government and in our relations with each other be fully maintained. Only in this way uld our spiritual goals be fully advanced. FOREIGN POLICY On January , , when I took office, the United States was at war. Since the signing of the Korean Armistice in , Americans have lived in peace in highly troubled times. During the Suez crisis, the United States government strongly supported United Nations' action--resulting in the ending of the hostilities in Egypt. Again in , peace was preserved in the Middle East despite new disrd. Our government responded to the request of the friendly Lebanese Government for military help, and promptly withdrew American forces as soon as the situation was stabilized. In our support of the Republic of China during the all-out bombardment of Quemoy restrained the Communist Chinese from attempting to invade the off-shore islands. Although, unhappily, Communist penetration of Cuba is real and poses a serious threat, Communist dominated regimes have been deposed in Guatemala and Iran. The occupation of Austria has ended and the Trieste question has been settled. Despite nstant threats to its integrity, West Berlin has remained free. Important advances have been made in building mutual security arrangements--which lie at the heart of our hopes for future peace and security in the world. The Southeast Asia Treaty Organization has been established; the NATO alliance has been militarily strengthened; the Organization of American States has been further developed as an instrument of inter-American operation; the Anzus treaty has strengthened ties with Australia and New Zealand, and a mutual security treaty with Japan has been signed. In addition, the CENTO pact has been ncluded, and while we are not officially a member of this alliance we have participated closely in its deliberations. The Atoms for Peace" proposal to the United Nations led to the creation of the International Atomic Energy Agency. Our policy has been to push for enforceable programs of inspection against surprise attack, suspension of nuclear testing, arms reduction, and peaceful use of outer space. The United Nations has been vigorously supported in all of its actions, including the ndemnations of the wholesale murder of the people of Tibet by the Chinese Communists and the brutal Soviet repression of the people of Hungary, as well as the more recent UN actions in the Congo. The United States took the initiative in negotiating the significant treaty to guarantee the peaceful use of vast Antarctica. The United States Information Agency has been transformed into a greatly improved medium for explaining our policies and actions to audiences overseas, answering the lies of mmunist propaganda, and projecting a clearer image of American life and culture. Cultural, technological and educational exchanges with the Soviet Union have been enuraged, and a mprehensive agreement was made which authorized, among other things, the distribution of our Russian language magazine Amerika and the highly successful American Exhibition in Mosw. This untry has ntinued to withhold regnition of Communist China and to oppose vigorously the admission of this belligerent and unrepentant nation into the United Nations. Red China has yet to demonstrate that it deserves to be nsidered a peace-loving" nation. With mmunist imperialism held in check, nstructive actions were undertaken to strengthen the enomies of free world nations. The United States government has given sturdy support to the enomic and technical assistance activities of the UN. This untry stimulated a doubling of the capital of the World Bank and a percent capital increase in the International Monetary Fund. The Development Loan Fund and the International Development Association were established. The United States also took the lead in creating the Inter-American Development Bank. Vice President Nixon, Secretaries of State Dulles and Herter and I travelled extensively through the world for the purpose of strengthening the cause of peace, freedom, and international understanding. So rewarding were these visits that their very success became a significant factor in causing the Soviet Union to wreck the planned Summit Conference of . These vital programs must go on. New tactics will have to be developed, of urse, to meet new situations, but the underlying principles should be nstant. Our great moral and material mmitments to llective security, deterrence of force, international law, negotiations that lead to self-enforcing agreements, and the enomic interdependence of free nations should remain the rnerstone of a foreign policy that will ultimately bring permanent peace with justice in freedom to all mankind. The ntinuing need of all free nations today is for each to regnize clearly the essentiality of an unbreakable bond among themselves based upon a mplete dedication to the principles of llective security, effective operation and peace with justice. NATIONAL DEFENSE For the first time in our nation's history we have nsistently maintained in peacetime, military forces of a magnitude sufficient to deter and if need be to destroy predatory forces in the world. Tremendous advances in strategic weapons systems have been made in the past eight years. Not until were expenditures on long-range ballistic missile programs even as much as a million dollars a year; today we spend ten times as much each day on these programs as was spent in all of . No guided ballistic missiles were operational at the beginning of . Today many types give our armed forces unprecedented effectiveness. The explosive power of our weapons systems for all purposes is almost innceivable. Today the United States has operational ATLAS missiles which can strike a target miles away in a half-hour. The POLARIS weapons system became operational last fall and the TITAN is scheduled to beme so this year. Next year, more than a year ahead of schedule, a vastly improved ICBM, the solid propellant MINUTEMAN, is expected to be ready. Squadrons of accurate Intermediate Range Ballistic Missiles are now operational. The THOR and JUPITER IRBMs based in forward areas can hit targets miles away in minutes. Aircraft which fly at speeds faster than sound were still in a developmental stage eight years ago. Today American fighting planes go twice the speed of sound. And either our B- Medium Range Jet Bomber or our B- Long Range Jet Bomber can carry more explosive power than was used by all mbatants in World War II--Allies and Axis mbined. Eight years ago we had no nuclear-powered ships. Today nuclear warships have been authorized. Of these, have been mmissioned, including three of the revolutionary POLARIS submarines. Our nuclear submarines have cruised under the North Pole and circumnavigated the earth while submerged. Sea warfare has been revolutionized, and the United States is far and away the leader. Our tactical air units overseas and our aircraft carriers are alert; Army units, guarding the frontiers of freedom in Europe and the Far East, are in the highest state of readiness in peacetime history; our Marines, a third of whom are deployed in the Far East, are nstantly prepared for action; our Reserve establishment has maintained high standards of proficiency, and the Ready Reserve now numbers over ½ million citizen-soldiers. The Department of Defense, a young and still evolving organization, has twice been improved and the line of mmand has been shortened in order to meet the demands of modern warfare. These major reorganizations have provided a more effective structure for unified planning and direction of the vast defense establishment. Gradual improvements in its structure and procedures are to be expected. United States civil defense and nonmilitary defense capacity has been greatly strengthened and these activities have been nsolidated in one Federal agency. The defense forces of our Allies now number five million men, several thousand mbatant ships, and over , aircraft. Programs to strengthen these allies have been nsistently supported by the Administration. U.S. military assistance goes almost exclusively to friendly nations on the rim of the mmunist world. This American ntribution to nations who have the will to defend their freedom, but insufficient means, should be vigorously ntinued. Combined with our Allies, the free world now has a far stronger shield than we uld provide alone. Since , our defense policy has been based on the assumption that the international situation would require heavy defense expenditures for an indefinite period to me, probably for years. In this protracted struggle, good management dictates that we resist overspending as resolutely as we oppose under-spending. Every dollar uselessly spent on military mechanisms decreases our total strength and, therefore, our security. We must not return to the crash-program" psychology of the past when each new feint by the Communists was responded to in panic. The bomber gap" of several years ago was always a fiction, and the missile gap" shows every sign of being the same. The nation can ill afford to abandon a national policy which provides for a fully adequate and steady level of effort, designed for the long pull; a fast adjustment to new scientific and technological advances; a balanced force of such strength as to deter general war, to effectively meet local situations and to retaliate to attack and destroy the attacker; and a strengthened system of free world llective security. THE ECONOMY The expanding American enomy passed the half-trillion dollar mark in gross national product early in . The Nation's output of goods and services is now nearly percent higher than in . In , the average American family had an inme of ,, percent higher in dollars of nstant buying power than in , and the real wages of American factory workers have risen percent during the past eight years. These facts reflect the rising standard of individual and family well-being enjoyed by Americans. Our Nation benefits also from a remarkable improvement in general industrial peace through strengthened processes of free llective bargaining. Time lost since because of strikes has been half that lost in the eight years prior to that date. Legislation now requires that union members have the opportunity for full participation in the affairs of their unions. The Administration supported the Landrum-Griffin Act, which I believe is greatly helpful to the vast bulk of American Labor and its leaders, and also is a major step in getting racketeers and gangsters out of labor-management affairs. The enomic security of working men and women has been strengthened by an extension of unemployment insurance verage to . million ex-servicemen, . million Federal employees, and . million employees of small businesses, and by a strengthening of the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act. States have been enuraged to improve their unemployment mpensation benefits, so that today average weekly benefits are percent higher than in . Determined efforts have improved workers' safety standards. Enforceable safety standards have been established for longshoremen and ship repair workers; Federal Safety Councils have been increased from to over ; safety awards have been initiated, and a national nstruction safety program has been developed. A major factor in strengthening our mpetitive enterprise system, and promoting enomic growth, has been the vigorous enforcement of antitrust laws over the last eight years and a ntinuing effort to reduce artificial restraints on mpetition and trade and enhance our enomic liberties. This purpose was also significantly advanced in when, as one of the first acts of this Administration, restrictive wage and price ntrols were ended. An additional measure to strengthen the American system of mpetitive enterprise was the creation of the Small Business Administration in to assist existing small businesses and enurage new ones. This agency has approved over billion in loans, initiated a new program to provide long-term capital for small businesses, aided in setting aside ½ billion in government ntracts for award to small business ncerns, and brought to the attention of individual businessmen, through programs of information and education, new developments in management and production techniques. Since , important tax revisions have been made to enurage small businesses. Many major improvements in the Nation's transportation system have been made: --After long years of debate, the dream of a great St. Lawrence Seaway, opening the heartland of America to ocean mmerce, has been fulfilled. --The new Federal Aviation Agency is fostering greater safety in air travel. --The largest public nstruction program in history--the , mile national system of Interstate and Defense highways--has been pushed rapidly forward. Twenty-five percent of this system is now open to traffic. Efforts to help every American build a better life have included also a vigorous program for expanding our trade with other nations. A -year renewal of the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act was passed in , and a ntinuing and rewarding effort has been made to persuade other untries to remove restrictions against our exports. A new export expansion program was launched in , inaugurating improvement of export credit insurance and broadening research and information programs to awaken Americans to business opportunities overseas. These actions and generally prosperous nditions abroad have helped push America's export trade to a level of billion in . Although intermittent declines in enomic activity persist as a problem in our enterprise system, recent downturns have been moderate and of short duration. There is, however, little room for mplacency. Currently our enomy is operating at high levels, but unemployment rates are higher than any of us would like, and chronic pockets of high unemployment persist. Clearly, ntinued sound and broadly shared enomic growth remains a major national objective toward which we must strive through joint private and public efforts. If government ntinues to work to assure every American the fullest opportunity to develop and utilize his ability and talent, it will be performing one of its most vital functions, that of advancing the welfare and protecting the dignity, rights, and freedom of all Americans. GOVERNMENT FINANCE AND ADMINISTRATION In January , the nsumer's dollar was worth only cents in terms of the food, clothing, shelter and other items it would buy mpared to . Today, the inflationary spiral which had raised the st of living by percent between and has all but ceased and the value of the dollar virtually stabilized. In we had the largest tax cut in history, amounting to . billion annually, of which over percent went to individuals mostly in the small inme brackets. This Administration has directed nstant efforts toward fiscal responsibility. Balanced budgets have been sought when the enomy was advancing, and a rigorous evaluation of spending programs has been maintained at all times. Resort to deficit financing in prosperous times uld easily erode international nfidence in the dollar and ntribute to inflation at home. In this belief, I shall submit a balanced budget for fiscal to the Congress next week. There has been a firm policy of reducing government mpetition with private enterprise. This has resulted in the disntinuance of some , mmercial industrial installations and in addition the curtailment of approximately industrial installations operated directly by government agencies. Also an aggressive surplus disposal program has been carried on to Identify and dispose of unneeded government-owned real property. This has resulted in the addition of a substantial number of valuable properties to local tax rolls, and a significant monetary return to the government. Earnest and persistent attempts have been made to strengthen the position of State and local governments and thereby to stop the dangerous drift toward centralization of governmental power in Washington. Significant strides have been made in increasing the effectiveness of government. Important new agencies have been established, such as the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, the Federal Aviation Agency, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Council of Enomic Advisers was renstituted. The operation of our postal system has been modernized to get better and more efficient service. Modernized handling of local mail now brings next-day delivery to million people in our population centers, expanded carrier service now acmmodates . million families in the growing suburbs, and . million families have been added to the rural delivery service. Common sense dictates that the Postal Service should be on a self-financing basis. The ncept of a trained and dedicated government career service has been strengthened by the provision of life and health insurance benefits, a vastly improved retirement system, a new merit promotion program, and the first effective incentive awards program. With no sacrifice in efficiency, Federal civilian employment since has been reduced by over a quarter of a million persons. I am deeply gratified that it was under the urging of this Administration that Alaska and Hawaii became our th and th States. AGRICULTURE Despite the difficulties of administering Congressional programs which apply outmoded prescriptions and which aggravate rather than solve problems, the past eight years brought notable advances in agriculture. Total agricultural assets are approximately billion--up billion in eight years. Farm owner equities are at the near rerd high of billion. Farm ownership is at a rerd high with fewer farmers in a tenant and sharecropper status than at any time in our nation's history. "The "Food-for-Peace"" program has demonstrated how surplus of American food and fiber can be effectively used to feed and clothe the needy abroad. Aided by this humanitarian program, total agricultural exports have grown from . billion in to an average of about    billion annually for the past three years. For , exports are estimated at . billion, the highest volume on rerd. Under the Food-for-Peace program, the largest wheat transaction in history was nsummated with India in ." The problems of low-inme farm families received systematic attention for the first time in the Rural Development Program. This program has gone forward in States, yielding higher inmes and a better living for rural people most in need. The Rural Electrification Administration has helped meet the growing demand for power and telephones in agricultural areas. Ninety-seven percent of all farms now have central station electric power. Dependence upon Federal financing should no longer be necessary. The Farm Credit Administration has been made an independent agency more responsive to the farmer's needs. The search for new uses for our farm abundance and to develop new crops for current needs has made major progress. Agricultural research appropriations have increased by percent since . Farmers are being saved approximately million a year by the repeal in of Federal taxes on gasoline used in tractors and other machinery. Since , appropriations have been doubled for unty agents, home agents and the Extension Service. Eligibility for Social Security benefits has been extended to farmers and their families. Yet in certain aspects our agricultural surplus situation is increasingly grave. For example, our wheat stocks now total . billion bushels. If we did not harvest one bushel of wheat in this ming year, we would still have all we uld eat, all we uld sell abroad, all we uld give away, and still have a substantial carryover. Extraordinary sts are involved just in management and disposal of this burdensome surplus. Obviously important adjustments must still me. Congress must enact additional legislation to permit wheat and other farm mmodities to move into regular marketing channels in an orderly manner and at the same time afford the needed price protection to the farmer. Only then will agriculture again be free, sound, and profitable. NATURAL RESOURCES New emphasis has been placed on the care of our national parks. A ten year development program of our National Park System--Mission --was initiated and , acres of park land have been added since . Appropriations for fish and wildlife operations have more than doubled. Thirty-five new refuges, ntaining ,, acres, have been added to the national wildlife management system. Our Nation's forests have been improved at the most rapid rate in history. The largest sustained effort in water resources development in our history has taken place. In the field of reclamation alone, over new projects, or project units, have been authorized since --including the billion dollar Colorado River Storage Project. When all these projects have been mpleted they will have a storage capacity of nearly million acre-feet--an increase of percent over the Bureau of Reclamation's storage capacity in mid-. In addition, since over new navigation flood ntrol and multiple purpose projects of the Corps of Engineers have been started, sting nearly billion dollars. Soil and water nservation has been advanced as never before. One hundred forty-one projects are now being nstructed under the Watershed Protection Program. Hydroelectric power has been impressively developed through a policy which regnizes that the job to be done requires mprehensive development by Federal, State, and local governments and private enterprise. Teamwork is essential to achieve this objective. The Federal Columbia River power system has grown from two multipurpose dams with a . million kilowatt capacity to multipurpose projects mpleted or under nstruction with an ultimate installed capacity of . million kilowatts. After years of negotiation, a Columbia River Storage Development agreement with Canada now opens the way for early realization of unparalleled power, flood ntrol and resource nservation benefits for the Pacific Northwest. A treaty implementing this agreement will shortly be submitted to the Senate. A farsighted and highly successful program for meeting urgent water needs is being carded out by nverting salt water to fresh water. A percent reduction in the st of this process has already been realized. Continuous resource development is essential for our expanding enomy. We must ntinue vigorous, mbined Federal, State and private programs, at the same time preserving to the maximum extent possible our natural and scenic heritage for future generations. EDUCATION, SCIENCE, AND TECHNOLOGY The National Defense Education Act of is already a milestone in the history of American education. It provides broad opportunities for the intellectual development of all children by strengthening urses of study in science, mathematics, and foreign languages, by developing new graduate programs to train additional teachers, and by providing loans for young people who need financial help to go to llege. The Administration proposed on numerous occasions a broad new five-year program of Federal aid to help overme the classroom shortage in public elementary and sendary schools. Remmendations were also made to give assistance to lleges and universities for the nstruction of academic and residential buildings to meet future enrollment increases. This Administration greatly expanded Federal loans for building dormitories for students, teachers, and nurses training, a program assisting in the nstruction of approximately , living acmmodations during the past years. There has been a vigorous acceleration of health, resource and education programs designed to advance the role of the American Indian in our society. Last fall, for example, percent of the Indian children between the ages of and on reservations were enrolled in school. This is a rise of percent since . In the field of science and technology, startling strides have been made by the new National Aeronautics and Space Administration. In little more than two years, NASA has successfully launched meteorological satellites, such as Tiros I and Tiros II, that promise to revolutionize methods of weather forecasting; demonstrated the feasibility of satellites for global mmunications by the successful launching of Echo I; produced an enormous amount of valuable scientific data, such as the disvery of the Van Allen Radiation Belt; successfully launched deep-space probes that maintained mmunication over the greatest range man has ever tracked; and made real progress toward the goal of manned space flights. These achievements unquestionably make us preeminent today in space exploration for the betterment of mankind. I believe the present organizational arrangements in this area, with the revisions proposed last year, are mpletely adequate for the tasks ahead. Americans can look forward to new achievements in space exploration. The near future will hold such wonders as the orbital flight of an astronaut, the landing of instruments on the moon, the launching of the powerful giant Saturn rocket vehicles, and the rennaissance of Mars and Venus by unmanned vehicles. The application of atomic energy to industry, agriculture, and medicine has progressed from hope and experiment to reality. American industry and agriculture are making increasing use of radioisotopes to improve manufacturing, testing, and crop-raising. Atomic energy has improved the ability of the healing professions to mbat disease, and holds promise for an eventual increase in man's life span. Education, science, technology and balanced programs of every kind-these are the roadways to progress. With appropriate Federal support, the States and localities can assure opportunities for achieving excellence at all levels of the educational system; and with the Federal government ntinuing to give wholehearted support to basic scientific research and technology, we can expect to maintain our position of leadership in the world. CIVIL RIGHTS The first nsequential Federal Civil Rights legislation in years was enacted by Congress on remmendation of the Administration in and . A new Civil Rights Division in the Department of Justice has already moved to enforce nstitutional rights in such areas as voting and the elimination of Jim Crow laws. Greater equality of job opportunity in Federal employment and employment with Federal ntractors has been effectively provided through the President's Committees on Government Contracts and Government Employment Practices. The Civil Rights Commission has undertaken important surveys in the fields of housing, voting, and education. Segregation has been abolished in the Armed Forces, in Veterans' Hospitals, in all Federal employment, and throughout the District of Columbia--administratively acmplished progress in this field that is unmatched in America's recent history. This pioneering work in civil rights must go on. Not only because discrimination is morally wrong, but also because its impact is more than national--it is world-wide. HEALTH AND WELFARE Federal medical research expenditures have increased more than fourfold since . A vast variety of the approaches known to medical science has been explored to find better methods of treatment and prevention of major diseases, particularly heart diseases, cancer, and mental illness. The ntrol of air and water pollution has been greatly strengthened. Americans now have greater protection against harmful, unclean, or misrepresented foods, drugs, or smetics through a strengthened Food and Drug Administration and by new legislation which requires that food additives be proved safe for human nsumption before use. A newly established Federal Radiation Council, along with the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, analyzes and ordinates information regarding radiological activities which affect the public health. Medical manpower has been increased by Federal grants for teaching and research. Construction of new medical facilities has been stepped up and extended to include nursing homes, diagnostic and treatment centers, and rehabilitation facilities. The vocational rehabilitation program has been significantly expanded. About , handicapped people are now being rehabilitated annually so they are again able to earn their own living with self-respect and dignity. New legislation provides for better medical care for the needy aged, including those older persons, who, while otherwise self-sufficient, need help in meeting their health care sts. The Administration remmended a major expansion of this effort. The verage of the Social Security Act has been broadened since to make million additional people eligible for retirement, disability or survivor benefits for themselves or their dependents, and the Social Security benefits have been substantially improved. Grants to the States for maternal and child welfare services have been increased. The States, aided by Federal grants, now assist some million needy people through the programs of Old Age Assistance, Aid to Dependent Children, Aid to the Blind, and Aid to the Totally and Permanently Disabled. HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT More houses have been built during the past eight years--over nine million--than during any previous eight years in history. An historic new approach--Urban Renewal--now replaces piecemeal thrusts at slum pockets and urban blight. Communities engaged in urban renewal have doubled and renewal projects have more than tripled since . An estimated projects in cities will be mpleted by the end of the current fiscal year; another projects will be underway, and planning for more will be in process. A total of billion in Federal grants will ultimately be required to finance these projects. New programs have been initiated to provide more and better housing for elderly people. Approximately , units especially designed for the elderly have been built, started, or approved in the past three years. For the first time, because of Federal help and enuragement, metropolitan areas and urban regions and smaller towns throughout the untry are making mprehensive development plans for their future growth and development. American mmunities have been helped to plan water and sanitation systems and schools through planning advances for public works projects with a nstruction st of nearly billion. Mortgage insurance on individual homes has been greatly expanded. During the past eight years, the Federal Housing Administration alone insured over ½ million home mortgages valued at billion, and in addition, insured more than ten million property improvement loans. The Federal government must ntinue to provide leadership in order to make our cities and mmunities better places in which to live, work, and raise families, but without usurping rightful local authority, replacing individual responsibility, or stifling private initiative. IMMIGRATION Over , victims of Communist tyranny in Hungary were brought to our shores, and at this time our untry is working to assist refugees from tyranny in Cuba. Since , the waiting period for naturalization applicants has been reduced from months to days. The Administration also has made legislative remmendations to liberalize existing restrictions upon immigration while still safeguarding the national interest. It is imperative that our immigration policy be in the finest American tradition of providing a haven for oppressed peoples and fully in acrd with our obligation as a leader of the free world. VETERANS In discharging the nation's obligation to our veterans, during the past eight years there have been: The readjustment of World War II veterans was mpleted, and the five million Korean nflict veterans were assisted in achieving successful readjustment to civilian life; Increases in mpensation benefits for all eligible veterans with service nnected disabilities; Higher non-service nnected pension benefits for needy veterans; Greatly improved benefits to survivors of veterans dying in or as a result of service; Authorization, by Presidential directive, of an increase in the number of beds available for sick and disabled veterans; Development of a -year, million nstruction program to modernize and improve our veterans hospitals; New modern techniques brought into the administration of Veterans Affairs to provide the highest quality service possible to those who have defended us. CONCLUSION In ncluding my final message to the Congress, it is fitting to look back to my first--to the aims and ideals I set forth on February , : To use America's influence in world affairs to advance the cause of peace and justice, to nduct the affairs of the Executive Branch with integrity and efficiency, to enurage creative initiative in our enomy, and to work toward the attainment of the well-being and equality of opportunity of all citizens. Equally, we have honored our mmitment to pursue and attain specific objectives. Among them, as stated eight years ago: strengthening of the mutual security program; development of world trade and mmerce; ending of hostilities in Korea; creation of a powerful deterrent force; practicing fiscal responsibility; checking the menace of inflation; reducing the tax burden; providing an effective internal security program; developing and nserving our natural resources; reducing governmental interference in the affairs of the farmer; strengthening and improving services by the Department of Labor, and the vigilant guarding of civil and social fights. I do not close this message implying that all is well--that all problems are solved. For progress implies both new and ntinuing problems and, unlike Presidential administrations, problems rarely have terminal dates. Abroad, there is the ntinuing Communist threat to the freedom of Berlin, an explosive situation in Laos, the problems caused by Communist penetration of Cuba, as well as the many problems nnected with the development of the new nations in Africa. These areas, in particular, call for delicate handling and nstant review. At home, several nspicuous problems remain: promoting higher levels of employment, with special emphasis on areas in which heavy unemployment has persisted; ntinuing to provide for steady enomic growth and preserving a sound currency; bringing our balance of payments into more reasonable equilibrium and ntinuing a high level of nfidence in our national and international systems; eliminating heavily excessive surpluses of a few farm mmodities; and overming deficiencies in our health and educational programs. Our goal always has been to add to the spiritual, moral, and material strength of our nation. I believe we have done this. But it is a process that must never end. Let us pray that leaders of both the near and distant future will be able to keep the nation strong and at peace, that they will advance the well-being of all our people, that they will lead us on to still higher moral standards, and that, in achieving these goals, they will maintain a reasonable balance between private and governmental responsibility. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER [Delivered in person before a joint session] Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress: Seven years ago I entered my present office with one long-held resolve overriding all others. I was then, and remain now, determined that the United States shall beme an ever more potent resource for the cause of peace--realizing that peace cannot be for ourselves alone, but for peoples everywhere. This determination is shared by the entire Congress--indeed, by all Americans. My purpose today is to discuss some features of America's position, both at home and in her relations to others. First, I point out that for us, annual self-examination is made a definite necessity by the fact that we now live in a divided world of uneasy equilibrium, with our side mmitted to its own protection and against aggression by the other. With both sides of this divided world in possession of unbelievably destructive weapons, mankind approaches a state where mutual annihilation bemes a possibility. No other fact of today's world equals this in importance--it lors everything we say, plan, and do. There is demanded of us, vigilance, determination, and the dedication of whatever portion of our resources that will provide adequate security, especially a real deterrent to aggression. These things we are doing. All these facts emphasize the importance of striving incessantly for a just peace. Only through the strengthening of the spiritual, intellectual, enomic and defensive resources of the Free World can we, in nfidence, make progress toward this goal. Send, we note that recent Soviet deportment and pronouncements suggest the possible opening of a somewhat less strained period in the relationships between the Soviet Union and the Free World. If these Pronouncements be genuine, there is brighter hope of diminishing the intensity of past rivalry and eventually of substituting persuasion for ercion. Whether this is to beme an era of lasting promise remains to be tested by actions. Third, we now stand in the vestibule of a vast new technological age-one that, despite its capacity for human destruction, has an equal capacity to make poverty and human misery obsolete. If our efforts are wisely directed--and if our unremitting efforts for dependable peace begin to attain some success--we can surely beme participants in creating an age characterized by justice and rising levels of human well-being. Over the past year the Soviet Union has expressed an interest in measures to reduce the mmon peril of war. While neither we nor any other Free World nation can permit ourselves to be misled by pleasant promises until they are tested by performance, yet we approach this apparently new opportunity with the utmost seriousness. We must strive to break the calamitous cycle of frustrations and crises which, if unchecked, uld spiral into nuclear disaster; the ultimate insanity. Though the need for dependable agreements to assure against resort to force in settling disputes is apparent to both sides yet as in other issues dividing men and nations, we cannot expect sudden and revolutionary results. But we must find some place to begin. One obvious road on which to make a useful start is in the widening of mmunication between our two peoples. In this field there are, both sides willing, untless opportunities--most of them well known to us all--for developing mutual understanding, the true foundation of peace. Another avenue may be through the reopening, on January twelfth, of negotiations looking to a ntrolled ban on the testing of nuclear weapons. Unfortunately, the closing statement from the Soviet scientists who met with our scientists at Geneva in an unsuccessful effort to develop an agreed basis for a test ban, gives the clear impression that their nclusions have been politically guided. Those of the British and American scientific representatives are their own freely-formed, individual and llective opinion. I am hopeful that as new negotiations begin, truth--not political opportunism--will be the guiding light of the deliberations. Still another avenue may be found in the field of disarmament, in which the Soviets have professed a readiness to negotiate seriously. They have not, however, made clear the plans they may have, if any, for mutual inspection and verification--the essential ndition for any extensive measure of disarmament. There is one instance where our initiative for peace has recently been successful. A multi-lateral treaty signed last month provides for the exclusively peaceful use of Antarctica, assured by a system of inspection. It provides for free and operative scientific research in that ntinent, and prohibits nuclear explosions there pending general international agreement on the subject. The Treaty is a significant ntribution toward peace, international operation, and the advancement of science. I shall transmit its text to the Senate for nsideration and approval in the near future. The United States is always ready to participate with the Soviet Union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice. Certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the United States has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation; likewise we reject any attempt to impose its system on us or on other peoples by force or subversion. This ncern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a mmon defense effort. Not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these untries; we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn mmitments to them. We and our friends are, of urse, ncerned with self-defense. Growing out of this ncern is the realization that all people of the Free World have a great stake in the progress, in freedom, of the unmmitted and newly emerging nations. These peoples, desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not, by our neglect, be forced to seek help from, and finally beme virtual satellites of, those who proclaim their hostility to freedom. Their natural desire for a better life must not be frustrated by withholding from them necessary technical and investment assistance. This is a problem to be solved not by America alone, but also by every nation cherishing the same ideals and in position to provide help. In recent years America's partners and friends in Western Europe and Japan have made great enomic progress. Their newly found enomic strength is eloquent testimony to the striking success of the policies of enomic operation which we and they have pursued. The international enomy of is markedly different from that of the early postwar years. No longer is the United States the only major industrial untry capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly-developing untries. To remain secure and prosperous themselves, wealthy nations must extend the kind of operation to the less fortunate members that will inspire hope, nfidence and progress. A rich nation can for a time, without noticeable damage to itself, pursue a urse of self-indulgence, making its single goal the material ease and mfort of its own citizens-thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations. But the enmities it will incur, the isolation into which it will descend, and the internal moral and physical softness that will be engendered, will, in the long term, bring it to disaster. America did not beme great through softness and self-indulgence. Her miraculous progress and achievements flow from other qualities far more worthy and substantial-- "--adherence to principles and methods nsonant with our religious philosophy   --a satisfaction in hard work   --the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes   --the urage to meet every challenge to her progress" --the intellectual honesty and capacity to regnize the true path of her own best interests. To us and to every nation of the Free World, rich or poor, these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security, prosperity and peace. I believe the industrial untries are ready to participate actively in supplementing the efforts of the developing untries to achieve progress. The immediate need for this kind of operation is undersred by the strain in our international balance of payments. Our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas, to finance private investment, and to provide assistance to the less developed nations. In our deficit in balance of payments approached billion. Continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would, over time, impair our own enomic growth and check the forward progress of the Free World. We must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade. Further, we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together in a new operative endeavor to help lift the surge of poverty from less fortunate nations. This will provide for better sharing of this burden and for still further profitable trade. New nations, and others struggling with the problems of development, will progress only if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and possess the will and use their own resources to fulfill it. Moreover, progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned; there is no easy and quick way to follow from the oxcart to the jet plane. But, just as we drew on Europe for assistance in our earlier years, so now do those new and emerging nations that have this faith and determination deserve help. Over the last fifteen years, twenty nations have gained political independence. Others are doing so each year. Most of them are woefully lacking in technical capacity and in investment capital; without Free World support in these matters they cannot effectively progress in freedom. Respecting their need, one of the major focal points of our ncern is the South Asian region. Here, in two nations alone, are almost five hundred million people, all working, and working hard, to raise their standards, and in doing so, to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty. I cannot express to you the depth of my nviction that, in our own and Free World interests, we must operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions, as expressed in their different multi-year plans. Through the World Bank and other instrumentalities, as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help, we must squarely face this titanic challenge. All of us must realize, of urse, that development in freedom by the newly emerging nations, is no mere matter of obtaining outside financial assistance. An indispensable element in this process is a strong and ntinuing determination on the part of these nations to exercise the national discipline necessary for any sustained development period. These qualities of determination are particularly essential because of the fact that the process of improvement will necessarily be gradual and laborious rather than revolutionary. Moreover, everyone should be aware that the development process is no short term phenomenon. Many years are required for even the most favorably situated untries. I shall ntinue to urge the American people, in the interests of their own security, prosperity and peace, to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported. Free World decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom. Other untries, some of which I visited last month, have similar needs. A mmon meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort. During the past year I have discussed this matter with the leaders of several Western Nations. Because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Enomic Cooperation uld help with initial studies. The goal is to enlist all available enomic resources in the industrialized Free World-especially private investment capital. But I repeat that this help, no matter how great, can be lastingly effective only if it is used as a supplement to the strength of spirit and will of the people of the newly-developing nations. By extending this help we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under freedom's banner. No more startling ntrast to a system of sullen satellites uld be imagined. If we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of enomic advancement, we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security, freedom and peace. Otherwise, the outlook uld be dark indeed. We face what may be a turning point in history, and we must act decisively. As a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength. No matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace, we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction. Until tangible and mutually enforceable arms reduction measures are worked out, we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions. America possesses an enormous defense power. It is my studied nviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should be so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support. It is world-wide knowledge that any nation which might be tempted today to attack the United States, even though our untry might sustain great losses, would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction. But I once again assure all peoples and all nations that the United States, except in defense, will never turn loose this destructive power. During the past year, our long-range striking power, unmatched today in manned bombers, has taken on new strength as the Atlas interntinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory. In fourteen recent test launchings, at ranges of over , miles, Atlas has been striking on an average within two miles of the target. This is less than the length of a jet runway--well within the circle of total destruction. Such performance is a great tribute to American scientists and engineers, who in the past five years have had to telespe time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles, where America had none before. This year, moreover, growing numbers of nuclear-powered submarines will enter our active forces, some to be armed with Polaris missiles. These remarkable ships and weapons, ranging the oceans, will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth. Impossible to destroy by surprise attack, they will beme one of our most effective sentinels for peace. To meet situations of less than general nuclear war, we ntinue to maintain our carrier forces, our many service units abroad, our always ready Army strategic forces and Marine Corps divisions, and the civilian mponents. The ntinuing modernization of these forces is a stly but necessary process, and is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength. The deployment of a portion of these forces beyond our shores, on land and sea, is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our allies for llective security. Moreover, I have directed that steps be taken to program our military assistance to these allies on a longer range basis. This is necessary for a sounder llective defense system. Next I refer to our effort in space exploration, which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development. First, America has made great ntributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of astrophysics and space science. These disveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific mmunity; but they are important foundation-stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind. Send, our military missile program, going forward so successfully, does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines, which are so necessary in distant space exploration. I am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements. Third, the United States is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place much heavier vehicles into space for exploration purposes. Fourth, in the meantime, it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth. Using launch systems presently available, we are developing satellites to sut the world's weather; satellite relay stations to facilitate and extend mmunications over the globe; for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft; and for perfecting instruments to llect and transmit the data we seek. This is the area holding the most promise for early and useful applications of space technology. Fifth, we have just mpleted a year's experience with our new space law. I believe it deficient in certain particulars and suggested improvements will be submitted shortly. The acmplishment of the many tasks I have alluded to requires the ntinuous strengthening of the spiritual, intellectual, and enomic sinews of American life. The steady purpose of our society is to assure justice, before God, for every individual. We must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive ntrols or the lack of urage to deal boldly with the giant issues of the day. A year ago, when I met with you, the nation was emerging from an enomic downturn, even though the signs of resurgent prosperity were not then sufficiently nvincing to the doubtful. Today our surging strength is apparent to everyone. promises to be the most prosperous year in our history. Yet we ntinue to be afflicted by nagging disorders. Among current problems that require solution are: --the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management stalemate; --the persistent refusal to me to grips with a critical problem in one sector of American agriculture; --the ntinuing threat of inflation, together with the persisting tendency toward fiscal irresponsibility; --in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law. Every American was disturbed by the prolonged dispute in the steel industry and the protracted delay in reaching a settlement. We are all relieved that a settlement has at last been achieved in that industry. Percentagewise, by this settlement the increase to the steel mpanies in employment sts is lower than in any prior wage settlement since World War II. It is also gratifying to note that despite the increase in wages and benefits several of the major steel producers have announced that there will be no increase in steel prices at this time. The national interest demands that in the period of industrial peace which has been assured by the new ntract both management and labor make every possible effort to increase efficiency and productivity in the manufacture of steel so that price increases can be avoided. One of the lessons of this story is that the potential danger to the entire Nation of longer and greater strikes must be met. To insure against such possibilities we must of urse depend primarily upon the good mmonsense of the responsible individuals. It is my intention to enurage regular discussions between management and labor outside the bargaining table, to nsider the interest of the public as well as their mutual interest in the maintenance of industrial peace, price stability and enomic growth. To me, it seems almost absurd for the United States to regnize the need, and so earnestly to seek, for operation among the nations unless we can achieve voluntary, dependable, abiding operation among the important segments of our own free society. Failure to face up to basic issues in areas other than those of labor-management can cause serious strains on the firm freedom supports of our society. I refer to agriculture as one of these areas. Our basic farm laws were written years ago, in an emergency effort to redress hardship caused by a world-wide depression. They were ntinued--and their enomic distortions intensified--during World War II in order to provide incentives for production of food needed to sustain a war-torn free world. Today our farm problem is totally different. It is that of effectively adjusting to the changes caused by a scientific revolution. When the original farm laws were written, an hour's farm labor produced only one fourth as much wheat as at present. Farm legislation is woefully out-of-date, ineffective, and expensive. For years we have gone on with an outmoded system which not only has failed to protect farm inme, but also has produced soaring, threatening surpluses. Our farms have been left producing for war while America has long been at peace. Once again I urge Congress to enact legislation that will gear production more closely to markets, make stly surpluses more manageable, provide greater freedom in farm operations, and steadily achieve increased net farm inmes. Another issue that we must meet squarely is that of living within our means. This requires restraint in expenditure, nstant reassessment of priorities, and the maintenance of stable prices. We must prevent inflation. Here is an opponent of so many guises that it is sometimes difficult to regnize. But our clear need is to stop ntinuous and general price rises--a need that all of us can see and feel. To prevent steadily rising sts and prices calls for stern self-discipline by every citizen. No person, city, state, or organized group can afford to evade the obligation to resist inflation, for every American pays its crippling tax. Inflation's ravages do not end at the water's edge. Increases in prices of the goods we sell abroad threaten to drive us out of markets that once were securely ours. Whether domestic prices, so high as to be nonmpetitive, result from demands for too-high profit margins or from increased labor sts that outrun growth in productivity, the final result is seriously damaging to the nation. We must fight inflation as we would a fire that imperils our home. Only by so doing can we prevent it from destroying our salaries, savings, pensions and insurance, and from gnawing away the very roots of a free, healthy enomy and the nation's security. One major method by which the Federal government can unter inflation and rising prices is to insure that its expenditures are below its revenues. The debt with which we are now nfronted is about billion dollars. With interest charges alone now sting taxpayers about / billions, it is clear that this debt growth must stop. You will be glad to know that despite the unsettling influences of the recent steel strike, we estimate that our acunts will show, on June , this year, a favorable balance of approximately million. I shall present to the Congress for a balanced budget. In the area of defense, expenditures ntinue at the rerd peace-time levels of the last several years. With a single exception, expenditures in every major category of Health, Education and Welfare will be equal or greater than last year. In Space expenditures the amounts are practically doubled. But the over-all guiding goal of this budget is national need-not response to specific group, local or political insistence. Expenditure increases, other than those I have indicated, are largely acunted for by the increased st of legislation previously enacted. At this point the President interpolated the two paragraphs shown in brackets. [I repeat, this budget will be a balanced one. Expenditures will be billion hundred million. The amount of inme over outgo, described in the budget as a Surplus, to be applied against our national debt, is billion hundred million. Personally, I do not feel that any amount can be properly called a Surplus" as long as the nation is in debt. I prefer to think of such an item as reduction on our children's inherited mortgage." Once we have established such payments as normal practice, we can profitably make improvements in our tax structure and thereby truly reduce the heavy burdens of taxation. [In any event, this one reduction will save taxpayers, each year, approximately hundred million dollars in interest sts.] This budget will help ease pressures in our credit and capital markets. It will enhance the nfidence of people all over the world in the strength of our enomy and our currency and in our individual and llective ability to be fiscally responsible. In the management of the huge public debt the Treasury is unfortunately not free of artificial barriers. Its ability to deal with the difficult problems in this field has been weakened greatly by the unwillingness of the Congress to remove archaic restrictions. The need for a freer hand in debt management is even more urgent today because the sts of the undesirable financing practices which the Treasury has been forced into are mounting. Removal of this roadblock has high priority in my legislative remmendations. Still another issue relates to civil rights. In all our hopes and plans for a better world we all regnize that provincial and racial prejudices must be mbatted. In the long perspective of history, the right to vote has been one of the strongest pillars of a free society. Our first duty is to protect this right against all encroachment. In spite of nstitutional guarantees, and notwithstanding much progress of recent years, bias still deprives some persons in this untry of equal protection of the laws. Early in your last session I remmended legislation which would help eliminate several practices discriminating against the basic rights of Americans. The Civil Rights Commission has developed additional nstructive remmendations. I hope that these will be among the matters to be seriously nsidered in the current session. I trust that Congress will thus signal to the world that our Government is striving for equality under law for all our people. Each year and in many ways our nation ntinues to undergo profound change and growth. In the past months we have hailed the entry of two more States of the Union--Alaska and Hawaii. We salute these two western stars proudly. Our vigorous expansion, which we all welme as a sign of health and vitality, is many-sided. We are, for example, witnessing explosive growth in metropolitan areas. By the metropolitan areas of the United States will occupy twice the territory they do today. The roster of urban problems with which they must pe is staggering. They involve water supply, cleaning the air, adjusting local tax systems, providing for essential educational, cultural, and social services, and destroying those nditions which breed delinquency and crime. In meeting these, we must, if we value our historic freedoms, keep within the traditional framework of our Federal system with powers divided between the national and state governments. The uniqueness of this system may nfound the casual observer, but it has worked effectively for nearly years. I do not doubt that our urban and other perplexing problems can be solved in the traditional American method. In doing so we must realize that nothing is really solved and ruinous tendencies are set in motion by yielding to the deceptive bait of the easy" Federal tax dollar. Our educational system provides a ready example. All regnize the vital necessity of having modern school plants, well-qualified and adequately mpensated teachers, and of using the best possible teaching techniques and curricula. We cannot be mplacent about educating our youth. But the route to better trained minds is not through the swift administration of a Federal hypodermic or sustained financial transfusion. The educational process, essentially a local and personal responsibility, cannot be made to leap ahead by crash, centralized governmental action. The Administration has proposed a carefully reasoned program for helping eliminate current deficiencies. It is designed to stimulate classroom nstruction, not by substitution of Federal dollars for state and local funds, but by incentives to extend and enurage state and local efforts. This approach rejects the notion of Federal domination or ntrol. It is workable, and should appeal to every American interested in advancement of our educational system in the traditional American way. I urge the Congress to take action upon it. There is one other subject ncerning which I renew a remmendation I made in my State of the Union Message last January. I then advised the Congress of my purpose to intensify our efforts to replace force with a rule of law among nations. From many discussions abroad, I am nvinced that purpose is widely and deeply shared by other peoples and nations of the world. In the same Message I stated that our efforts would include a reexamination of our own relation to the International Court of Justice. The Court was established by the United Nations to decide international legal disputes between nations. In we accepted the Court's jurisdiction, but subject to a reservation of the right to determine unilaterally whether a matter lies essentially within domestic jurisdiction. There is pending before the Senate, a Resolution which would repeal our present self-judging reservation. I support that Resolution and urge its prompt passage. If this is done, I intend to urge similar acceptance of the Court's jurisdiction by every member of the United Nations. Here perhaps it is not amiss for me to say to the Members of the Congress, in this my final year of office, a word about the institutions we respectively represent and the meaning which the relationships between our two branches has for the days ahead. I am not unique as a President in having worked with a Congress ntrolled by the opposition party--except that no other President ever did it for quite so long Yet in both personal and official relationships we have weathered the storms of the past five years. For this I am grateful. My deep ncern in the next twelve months, before my successor takes office, is with our joint Congressional-Executive duty to our own and to other nations. Acting upon the beliefs I have expressed here today, I shall devote my full energies to the tasks at hand, whether these involve travel for promoting greater world understanding, negotiations to reduce international disrd, or nstant discussions and mmunications with the Congress and the American people on issues both domestic and foreign. In pursuit of these objectives, I look forward to, and shall dedicate myself to, a close and nstructive association with the Congress. Every minute spent in irrelevant interbranch wrangling is precious time taken from the intelligent initiation and adoption of herent policies for our national survival and progress. We seek a mmon goal--brighter opportunity for our own citizens and a world peace with justice for all. Before us and our friends is the challenge of an ideology which, for more than four decades, has trumpeted abroad its purpose of gaining ultimate victory over all forms of government at variance with its own. We realize that however much we repudiate the tenets of imperialistic Communism, it represents a gigantic enterprise grimly pursued by leaders who mpel its subjects to subordinate their freedom of action and spirit and personal desires for some hoped-for advantage in the future. The Communists can present an array of material acmplishments over the past fifteen years that lends a false persuasiveness to many of their glittering promises to the unmmitted peoples. The mpetition they provide is formidable. But in our scale of values we place freedom first--our whole national existence and development have been geared to that basic ncept and are responsible for the position of free world leadership to which we have succeeded. It is the highest prize that any nation can possess; it is one that Communism can never offer. And America's rerd of material acmplishment in freedom is written not only in the unparalleled prosperity of our own nation, but in the many billions we have devoted to the renstruction of Free World enomics wrecked by World War II and in the effective help of many more billions we have given in saving the independence of many others threatened by outside domination. Assuredly we have the capacity for handling the problems in the new era of the world's history we are now entering. But we must use that capacity intelligently and tirelessly, regardless of personal sacrifice. The fissure that divides our political planet is deep and wide. We live, moreover, in a sea of semantic disorder in which old labels no longer faithfully describe. Police states are called people's democracies." Armed nquest of free people is called liberation." Such slippery slogans make more difficult the problem of mmunicating true faith, facts and beliefs. We must make clear our peaceful intentions, our aspirations for a better world. So doing, we must use language to enlighten the mind, not as the instrument of the studied innuendo and distorter of truth. And we must live by what we say. On my recent visit to distant lands I found one statesman after another eager to tell me of the elements of their government that had been borrowed from our American Constitution, and from the indestructible ideals set forth in our Declaration of Independence. As a nation we take pride that our own nstitutional system, and the ideals which sustain it, have been long viewed as a fountainhead of freedom. By our every action we must strive to make ourselves worthy of this trust, ever mindful that an accumulation of seemingly minor encroachments upon freedom gradually uld break down the entire fabric of a free society. So persuaded, we shall get on with the task before us. So dedicated, and with faith in the Almighty, humanity shall one day achieve the unity in freedom to which all men have aspired from the dawn of time. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER [Delivered in person before a joint session] "Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress, my fellow citizens:   This is the moment when Congress and the Executive annually begin their operative work to build a better America." One basic purpose unites us: To promote strength and security, side by side with liberty and opportunity. As we meet today, in the th year of the Republic, our Nation must ntinue to provide--as all other free governments have had to do throughout time--a satisfactory answer to a question as old as history. It is: Can Government based upon liberty and the God-given rights of man, permanently endure when ceaselessly challenged by a dictatorship, hostile to our mode of life, and ntrolling an enomic and military power of great and growing strength? For us the answer has always been found, and is still found in the devotion, the vision, the urage and the fortitude of our people. Moreover, this challenge we face, not as a single powerful nation, but as one that has in recent decades reached a position of regnized leadership in the Free World. We have arrived at this position of leadership in an era of remarkable productivity and growth. It is also a time when man's power of mass destruction has reached fearful proportions. Possession of such capabilities helps create world suspicion and tension. We, on our part, know that we seek only a just peace for all, with aggressive designs against no one. Yet we realize that there is uneasiness in the world because of a belief on the part of peoples that through arrogance, miscalculation or fear of attack, catastrophic war uld be launched. Keeping the peace in today's world more than ever calls for the utmost in the nation's resolution, wisdom, steadiness and unremitting effort. We cannot build peace through desire alone. Moreover, we have learned the bitter lesson that international agreements, historically nsidered by us as sacred, are regarded in Communist doctrine and in practice to be mere scraps of paper. The most recent proof of their disdain of international obligations, solemnly undertaken, is their announced intention to abandon their responsibilities respecting Berlin. As a nsequence, we can have no nfidence in any treaty to which Communists are a party except where such a treaty provides within itself for self-enforcing mechanisms. Indeed, the demonstrated disregard of the Communists of their own pledges is one of the greatest obstacles to success in substituting the Rule of Law for rule by force. Yet step by step we must strengthen the institutions of peace--a peace that rests upon justice--a peace that depends upon a deep knowledge and dear understanding by all peoples of the cause and nsequences of possible failure in this great purpose. To achieve this peace we seek to prevent war at any place and in any dimension. If, despite our best efforts, a local dispute should flare into armed hostilities, the next problem would be to keep the nflict from spreading, and so mpromising freedom. In support of these objectives we maintain forces of great power and flexibility. "Our formidable air striking forces are a powerful deterrent to general war. Large and growing portions of these units can depart from their bases in a matter of minutes.   Similar forces are included in our naval fleets." Ground and other tactical formations can move with swiftness and precision, when requested by friendly and responsible governments, to help curb threatened aggression. The stabilizing influence of this capacity has been dramatically demonstrated more than once over the past year. Our military and related scientific progress has been highly gratifying. Great strides have been made in the development of ballistic missiles. Intermediate range missiles are now being deployed in operational units. The Arias interntinental ballistic missile program has been marked by rapid development as evidenced by recent successful tests. Missile training units have been established and launching sites are far along in nstruction. New aircraft that fly at twice the speed of sound are entering our squadrons. We have successfully placed five satellites in orbit, which have gathered information of scientific importance never before available. Our latest satellite illustrates our steady advance in rocketry and foreshadows new developments in world-wide mmunications. Warning systems nstantly improve. Our atomic submarines have shattered endurance rerds and made historic voyages under the North Polar Sea. A major segment of our national scientific and engineering mmunity is working intensively to achieve new and greater developments. Advance in military technology requires adequate financing but, of urse, even more, it requires talent and time. All this is given only as a matter of history; as a rerd of our progress in space and ballistic missile fields in no more than four years of intensive effort. At the same time we clearly regnize that some of the recent Soviet acmplishments in this particular technology are indeed brilliant. Under the law enacted last year the Department of Defense is being reorganized to give the Secretary of Defense full authority over the military establishment. Greater efficiency, more hesive effort and speedier reaction to emergencies are among the many advantages we are already noting from these changes. These few highlights point up our steady military gains. We are rightfully gratified by the achievements they represent. But we must remember that these imposing armaments are purchased at great st. "National Security programs acunt for nearly sixty percent of the entire Federal budget for this ming fiscal year.   Modern weapons are exceedingly expensive." The overall st of introducing ATLAS into our armed forces will average million per missile on the firing line. This year we are investing an aggregate of close to billion in missile programs alone. Other billions go for research, development, test and evaluation of new weapons systems. Our latest atomic submarines will st millions each, while some special types will st three times as much. "We are now ordering fighter aircraft which are priced at fifty times as much as the fighters of World War II.   We are buying certain bombers that st their weight in gold." These sums are tremendous, even when mpared with the marvelous resiliency and capacity of our enomy. Such expenditures demand both balance and perspective in our planning for defense. At every turn, we must weigh, judge and select. Needless duplication of weapons and forces must be avoided. We must guard against feverish building of vast armaments to meet glibly predicted moments of so-called maximum peril." The threat we face is not sporadic or dated: It is ntinuous. Hence we must not be swayed in our calculations either by groundless fear or by mplacency. We must avoid extremes, for vacillation between extremes is inefficient, stly, and destructive of morale. In these days of unceasing technological advance, we must plan our defense expenditures systematically and with care, fully regnizing that obsolescence mpels the never-ending replacement of older weapons with new ones. The defense budget for the ming year has been planned on the basis of these principles and nsiderations. Over these many months I have personally participated in its development. The aim is a sensible posture of defense. The sendary aim is increased efficiency and avoidance of waste. Both are achieved by this budgetary plan. Working by these guide lines I believe with all my heart that America can be as sure of the strength and efficiency of her armed forces as she is of their loyalty. I am equally sure that the nation will thus avoid useless expenditures which, in the name of security, might tend to undermine the enomy and, therefore, the nation's safety. Our own vast strength is only a part of that required for dependable security. Because of this we have joined with nearly other nations in llective security arrangements. In these mmon undertakings each nation is expected to ntribute what it can in sharing the heavy load. Each supplies part of a strategic deployment to protect the forward boundaries of freedom. Constantly we seek new ways to make more effective our ntribution to this system of llective security. Recently I have asked a Committee of eminent Americans of both parties to re-appraise our military assistance programs and the relative emphasis which should be placed on military and enomic aid. I am hopeful that preliminary remmendations of this Committee will be available in time to assist in shaping the Mutual Security program for the ming fiscal year. Any survey of the free world's defense structure cannot fail to impart a feeling of regret that so much of our effort and resources must be devoted to armaments. At Geneva and elsewhere we ntinue to seek technical and other agreements that may help to open up, with some promise, the issues of international disarmament. America will never give up the hope that eventually all nations can, with mutual nfidence, drastically reduce these non-productive expenditures. II. The material foundation of our national safety is a strong and expanding enomy. This we have--and this we must maintain. Only with such an enomy can we be secure and simultaneously provide for the well-being of our people. A year ago the nation was experiencing a decline in employment and output. Today that recession is fading into history, and this without gigantic, hastily-improvised public works projects or untimely tax reductions. A healthy and vigorous revery has been under way since last May. New homes are being built at the highest rate in several years. Retail sales are at peak levels. Personal inme is at an all-time high. The marked forward thrust of our enomy reaffirms our nfidence in mpetitive enterprise. But--clearly--wisdom and prudence in both the public and private sectors of the enomy are always necessary. Our outlook is this: mmitments for our armed forces, the Atomic Energy Commission and Military Assistance exceed billion dollars. In the foreseeable future they are not likely to be significantly lower. With an annual population increase of three million, other governmental sts are bound to mount. After we have provided wisely for our military strength, we must judge how to allocate our remaining government resources most effectively to promote our well-being and enomic growth. "Federal programs that will benefit all citizens are moving forward.   Next year we will be spending increased amounts on health programs; on Federal assistance to science and education; on the development of the nation's water resources; on the renewal of urban areas; and on our vast system of Federal-aid highways." Each of these additional outlays is being made necessary by the surging growth of America. Let me illustrate. Responsive to this growth, Federal grants and long term loans to assist major types of capital improvements in our cities will total over billion dollars in --double the expenditure of two years ago. The major responsibility for development in these fields rests in the localities, even though the Federal Government will ntinue to do its proper part in meeting the genuine needs of a burgeoning population. But the progress of our enomy can more than match the growth of our needs. We need only to act wisely and nfidently. Here, I hope you will permit me to digress long enough to express something that is much on my mind. The basic question facing us today is more than mere survival--the military defense of national life and territory. It is the preservation of a way of life. We must meet the world challenge and at the same time permit no stagnation in America. Unless we progress, we regress. We can successfully sustain security and remain true to our heritage of freedom if we clearly visualize the tasks ahead and set out to perform them with resolution and fervor. We must first define these tasks and then understand what we must do to perform them. If progress is to be steady we must have long term guides extending far ahead, certainly five, possibly even ten years. They must reflect the knowledge that before the end of five years we will have a population of over million. They must be goals that stand high, and so inspire every citizen to climb always toward mounting levels of moral, intellectual and material strength. Every advance toward them must stir pride in individual and national achievements. To define these goals, I intend to mobilize help from every available source. We need more than politically ordained national objectives to challenge the best efforts of free men and women. A group of selfless and devoted individuals, outside of government, uld effectively participate in making the necessary appraisal of the potentials of our future. The result would be establishment of national goals that would not only spur us on to our finest efforts, but would meet the stern test of practicality. The Committee I plan will mprise educators and representatives of labor, management, finance, the professions and every other kind of useful activity. Such a study would update and supplement, in the light of ntinuous changes in our society and its enomy, the monumental work of the Committee on Recent Social Trends which was appointed in by President Hoover. Its report has stood the test of time and has had a beneficial influence on national development. The new Committee would be ncerned, among other things, with the acceleration of our enomy's growth and the living standards of our people, their health and education, their better assurance of life and liberty and their greater opportunities. It would also be ncerned with methods to meet such goals and what levels of government--Local, State, or Federal--might or should be particularly ncerned. As one example, nsider our schools, operated under the authority of local mmunities and states. In their capacity and in their quality they nform to no regnizable standards. In some places facilities are ample, in others meager. Pay of teachers ranges between wide limits, from the adequate to the shameful. As would be expected, quality of teaching varies just as widely. But to our teachers we mmit the most valuable possession of the nation and of the family--our children. We must have teachers of mpetence. To obtain and hold them we need standards. We need a National Goal. Once established I am certain that public opinion would mpel steady progress toward its acmplishment. Such studies would be helpful, I believe, to government at all levels and to all individuals. The goals so established uld help us see our current needs in perspective. They will spur progress. We do not forget, of urse, that our nation's progress and fiscal integrity are interdependent and inseparable. We can afford everything we clearly need, but we cannot afford one cent of waste. We must examine every item of governmental expense critically. To do otherwise would betray our nation's future. Thrift is one of the characteristics that has made this nation great. Why should we ignore it now? We must avoid any ntribution to inflationary processes, which uld disrupt sound growth in our enomy. Prices have displayed a welme stability in recent months and, if we are wise and resolute, we will not tolerate inflation in the years to me. But history makes clear the risks inherent in any failure to deal firmly with the basic causes of inflation. Two of the most important of these causes are the wage-price spiral and ntinued deficit financing. Inflation would reduce job opportunities, price us out of world markets, shrink the value of savings and penalize the thrift so essential to finance a growing enomy. Inflation is not a Robin Hood, taking from the rich to give to the poor. Rather, it deals most cruelly with those who can least protect themselves. It strikes hardest those millions of our citizens whose inmes do not quickly rise with the st of living. When prices soar, the pensioner and the widow see their security undermined, the man of thrift sees his savings melt away; the white llar worker, the minister, and the teacher see their standards of living dragged down. Inflation can be prevented. But this demands statesmanship on the part of business and labor leaders and of government at all levels. We must enurage the self-discipline, the restraint necessary to curb the wage-price spiral and we must meet current sts from current revenue. To minimize the danger of future soaring prices and to keep our enomy sound and expanding, I shall present to the Congress certain proposals. First, I shall submit a balanced budget for the next year, a year expected to be the most prosperous in our history. It is a realistic budget with wholly attainable objectives. If we cannot live within our means during such a time of rising prosperity, the hope for fiscal integrity will fade. If we persist in living beyond our means, we make it difficult for every family in our land to balance its own household budget. But to live within our means would be a tangible demonstration of the self-discipline needed to assure a stable dollar. The Constitution entrusts the Executive with many functions, but the Congress--and the Congress alone--has the power of the purse. Ultimately upon Congress rests responsibility for determining the spe and amount of Federal spending. By working together, the Congress and the Executive can keep a balance between inme and outgo. If this is done there is real hope that we can look forward to a time in the foreseeable future when needed tax reforms can be acmplished. In this hope, I am requesting the Secretary of the Treasury to prepare appropriate proposals for revising, at the proper time, our tax structure, to remove inequities and to enhance incentives for all Americans to work, to save, and to invest. Such remmendations will be made as soon as our fiscal ndition permits. These prospects will be brightened if expenditures do not exceed the levels remmended. Send, I shall remmend to the Congress that the Chief Executive be given the responsibility either to approve or to veto specific items in appropriations and authorization bills. This would save tax dollars. At this point the message, as rerded from the floor and printed in the Congressional Rerd, shows the following interpolation: I assure you gentlemen that I know this remmendation has been made time and again by every President that has appeared in this hall for many years, but I say this, it still is one of the most important rrections that uld be made in our annual expenditure program, because this would save tax dollars. Applause] Third, to reduce Federal operations in an area where private enterprise can do the job, I shall remmend legislation for greater flexibility in extending Federal credit, and in improving the procedures under which private credits are insured or guaranteed. Present practices have needlessly added large sums to Federal expenditures. Fourth, action is required to make more effective use of the large Federal expenditures for agriculture and to achieve greater fiscal ntrol in this area. Outlays of the Department of Agriculture for the current fiscal year for the support of farm prices on a very few farm products will exceed five billion dollars. That is a sum equal to approximately two-fifths of the net inme of all farm operators in the entire United States. By the end of this fiscal year it is estimated that there will be in Government hands surplus farm products worth about nine billion dollars. And by July , , Government expenditures for storage, interest, and handling of its agricultural inventory will reach a rate of one billion dollars a year. This level of expenditure for farm products uld be made willingly for a temporary period if it were leading to a sound solution of the problem. But unfortunately this is not true. We need new legislation. In the past I have sent messages to the Congress requesting greater freedom for our farmers to manage their own farms and greater freedom for markets to reflect the wishes of producers and nsumers. Legislative changes that followed were appropriate in direction but did not go far enough. The situation calls for prompt and forthright action. Remmendation for action will be ntained in a message to be transmitted to the Congress shortly. These fiscal and related actions will help create an environment of price stability for enomic growth. However, certain additional measures are needed. I shall ask Congress to amend the Employment Act of to make it clear that Government intends to use all appropriate means to protect the buying power of the dollar. I am establishing a ntinuing Cabinet group on Price Stability for Enomic Growth to study governmental and private policies affecting sts, prices, and enomic growth. It will strive also to build a better public understanding of the nditions necessary for maintaining growth and price stability. Studies are being undertaken to improve our information on prices, wages, and productivity. I believe all citizens in all walks of life will support this program of action to accelerate enomic growth and promote price stability. III. I take up next certain aspects of our international situation and our programs to strengthen it. America's security can be assured only within a world mmunity strong, stable, independent nations, in which the ncepts of freedom, justice and human dignity can flourish. There can be no such thing as Fortress America. If ever we were reduced to the isolation implied by that term, we would occupy a prison, not a fortress. The question whether we can afford to help other nations that want to defend their freedom but cannot fully do so from their own means, has only one answer: we can and we must, we have been doing so since . Our foreign policy has long been dedicated to building a permanent and just peace. During the past six years our free world security arrangements have been bolstered and the bonds of freedom have been more closely knit. Our friends in Western Europe are experiencing new internal vitality, and are increasingly more able to resist external threats. Over the years the world has me to understand clearly that it is our firm policy not to untenance aggression. In Lebanon, Taiwan, and Berlin--our stand has been dear, right, and expressive of the determined will of a united people. Acting with other free nations we have undertaken the solemn obligation to defend the people of free Berlin against any effort to destroy their freedom. In the meantime we shall nstantly seek meaningful agreements to settle this and other problems, knowing full well that not only the integrity of a single city, but the hope of all free peoples is at stake. We need, likewise, to ntinue helping to build the enomic base so essential to the Free World's stability and strength. The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have both fully proven their worth as instruments of international financial operation. Their Executive Directors have remmended an increase in each member untry's subscription. I am requesting the Congress for immediate approval of our share of these increases. We are now negotiating with representatives of the twenty Latin American Republics for the creation of an inter-American financial institution. Its purpose would be to join all the American Republics in a mmon institution which would promote and finance development in Latin America, and make more effective the use of capital from the World Bank, the Export-Import Bank, and private sources. Private enterprise ntinues to make major ntributions to enomic development in all parts of the world. But we have not yet marshalled the full potential of American business for this task, particularly in untries which have recently attained their independence. I shall present to this Congress a program designed to enurage greater participation by private enterprise in enomic development abroad. Further, all of us know that to advance the cause of freedom we must do much more than help build sound enomies. The spiritual, intellectual, and physical strength of people throughout the world will in the last analysis determine their willingness and their ability to resist Communism. To give a single illustration of our many efforts in these fields: We have been a participant in the effort that has been made over the past few years against one of the great surges of mankind--disease. Through the Mutual Security program public health officials are being trained by American universities to serve in less developed untries. We are engaged in intensive malaria eradication projects in many parts of the world. America's major successes in our own untry prove the feasibility of success everywhere. By these and other means we shall ntinue and expand our campaign against the afflictions that now bring needless suffering and death to so many of the world's people. We wish to be part of a great shared effort toward the triumph of health. IV. America is best described by one word, freedom. If we hope to strengthen freedom in the world we must be ever mindful of how our own nduct reacts elsewhere. No nation has ever been so floodlighted by world opinion as the United States is today. Everything we do is carefully scrutinized by other peoples throughout the world. The bad is seen along with the good. Because we are human we err. But as free men we are also responsible for rrecting the errors and imperfections of our ways. Last January I made mprehensive remmendations to the Congress for legislation in the labor-management field. To my disappointment, Congress failed to act. The McClellan Committee disclosures of rruption, racketeering, and abuse of trust and power in labor-management affairs have aroused America and amazed other peoples. They emphasize the need for improved local law enforcement and the enactment of effective Federal legislation to protect the public interest and to insure the rights and enomic freedoms of millions of American workers. Halfhearted measures will not do. I shall remmend prompt enactment of legislation designed: To safeguard workers' funds in union treasuries against misuse of any kind whatsoever. To protect the rights and freedoms of individual union members, including the basic right to free and secret elections of officers. To advance true and responsible llective bargaining. To protect the public and innocent third parties from unfair and ercive practices such as boytting and blackmail picketing. The workers and the public must have these vital protections. In other areas of human rights--freedom from discrimination in voting, in public education, in access to jobs, and in other respects--the world is likewise watching our nduct. The image of America abroad is not improved when school children, through closing of some of our schools and through no fault of their own, are deprived of their opportunity for an education. The government of a free people has no purpose more noble than to work for the maximum realization of equality of opportunity under law. This is not the sole responsibility of any one branch of our government. The judicial arm, which has the ultimate authority for interpreting the Constitution, has held that certain state laws and practices discriminate upon racial grounds and are unnstitutional. Whenever the supremacy of the Constitution of the United States is challenged I shall ntinue to take every action necessary to uphold it. One of the fundamental ncepts of our nstitutional system is that it guarantees to every individual, regardless of race, religion, or national origin, the equal protection of the laws. Those of us who are privileged to hold public office have a solemn obligation to make meaningful this inspiring objective. We can fulfill that obligation by our leadership in teaching, persuading, demonstrating, and in enforcing the law. We are making noticeable progress in the field of civil rights--we are moving forward toward achievement of equality of opportunity for all people everywhere in the United States. In the interest of the nation and of each of its citizens, that progress must ntinue. Legislative proposals of the Administration in this field will be submitted to the Congress early in the session. All of us should help to make clear that the government is united in the mmon purpose of giving support to the law and the decisions of the Courts. By moving steadily toward the goal of greater freedom under law, for our own people, we shall be the better prepared to work for the cause of freedom under law throughout the world. All peoples are solely tired of the fear, destruction, and the waste of war. As never before, the world knows the human and material sts of war and seeks to replace force with a genuine role of law among nations. It is my purpose to intensify efforts during the ming two years in seeking ways to supplement the procedures of the United Nations and other bodies with similar objectives, to the end that the rule of law may replace the rule of force in the affairs of nations. Measures toward this end will be proposed later, including a re-examination of our own relation to the International Court of Justice. Finally--let us remind ourselves that Marxist scripture is not new; it is not the gospel of the future. Its basic objective is dictatorship, old as history. What is new is the shining prospect that man can build a world where all can live in dignity. "We seek victory--not over any nation or people--but over the ancient enemies of us all; victory over ignorance, poverty, disease, and human degradation wherever they may be found.   We march in the noblest of causes--human freedom." If we make ourselves worthy of America's ideals, if we do not forget that our nation was founded on the premise that all men are creatures of God's making, the world will me to know that it is free men who carry forward the true promise of human progress and dignity. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the th Congress: It is again my high privilege to extend personal greetings to the members of the th Congress. All of us realize that, as this new session begins, many Americans are troubled about recent world developments which they believe may threaten our nation's safety. Honest men differ in their appraisal of America's material and intellectual strength, and the dangers that nfront us. But all know these dangers are real. The purpose of this message is to outline the measures that can give the American people a nfidence--just as real--in their own security. I am not here to justify the past, gloss over the problems of the present, or propose easy solutions for the future. I am here to state what I believe to be right and what I believe to be wrong; and to propose action for rrecting what I think wrong I. There are two tasks nfronting us that so far outweigh all other that I shall devote this year's message entirely to them. The first is to ensure our safety through strength. As to our strength, I have repeatedly voiced this nviction: We now have a broadly based and efficient defensive strength, including a great deterrent power, which is, for the present, our main guarantee against war; but, unless we act wisely and promptly, we uld lose that capacity to deter attack or defend ourselves. My profoundest nviction is that the American people will say, as one man: No matter what the exertions or sacrifices, we shall maintain that necessary strength "But we uld make no more tragic mistake than merely to ncentrate on military strength.   For if we did only this, the future would hold nothing for the world but an Age of Terror." And so our send task is to do the nstructive work of building a genuine peace. We must never beme so preoccupied with our desire for military strength that we neglect those areas of enomic development, trade, diplomacy, education, ideas and principles where the foundations of real peace must be laid. II. The threat to our safety, and to the hope of a peaceful world, can be simply stated. It is mmunist imperialism. This threat is not something imagined by critics of the Soviets. Soviet spokesmen, from the beginning, have publicly and frequently declared their aim to expand their power, one way or another, throughout the world. The threat has beme increasingly serious as this expansionist aim has been reinforced by an advancing industrial, military and scientific establishment. "But what makes the Soviet threat unique in history is its all--inclusiveness. Every human activity is pressed into service as a weapon of expansion. Trade, enomic development, military power, arts, science, education, the whole world of ideas--all are harnessed to this same chariot of expansion.   The Soviets are, in short, waging total ld war." "The only answer to a regime that wages total ld war is to wage total peace.   This means bringing to bear every asset of our personal and national lives upon the task of building the nditions in which security and peace can grow." III. "Among our assets, let us first briefly glance at our military power.   Military power serves the cause of security by making prohibitive the st of any aggressive attack." It serves the cause of peace by holding up a shield behind which the patient nstructive work of peace can go on. But it can serve neither cause if we make either of two mistakes. The one would be to overestimate our strength, and thus neglect crucially important actions in the period just ahead. The other would be to underestimate our strength. Thereby we might be tempted to beme irresolute in our foreign relations, to dishearten our friends, and to lose our national poise and perspective in approaching the mplex problems ahead. Any orderly balance-sheet of military strength must be in two parts. The first is the position as of today. The send is the position in the period ahead. As of today: our defensive shield mprehends a vast mplex of ground, sea, and air units, superbly equipped and strategically deployed around the world. The most powerful deterrent to war in the world today lies in the retaliatory power of our Strategic Air Command and the aircraft of our Navy. They present to any potential attacker who would unleash war upon the world the prospect of virtual annihilation of his own untry. Even if we assume a surprise attack on our bases, with a marked reduction in our striking power, our bombers would immediately be on their way in sufficient strength to acmplish this mission of retaliation. Every informed government knows this. It is no secret. Since the Korean Armistice, the American people have spent billion in maintaining and strengthening this overall defensive shield. This is the position as of today. Now as to the period ahead: Every part of our military establishment must and will be equipped to do its defensive job with the most modern weapons and methods. But it is particularly important to our planning that we make a candid estimate of the effect of long-range ballistic missiles on the present deterrent power I have described. At this moment, the nsensus of opinion is that we are probably somewhat behind the Soviets in some areas of long-range ballistic missile development. But it is my nviction, based on close study of all relevant intelligence, that if we make the necessary effort, we will have the missiles, in the needed quantity and in time, to sustain and strengthen the deterrent power of our increasingly efficient bombers. One enuraging fact evidencing this ability is the rate of progress we have achieved since we began to ncentrate on these missiles. The intermediate ballistic missiles, Thor and Jupiter, have already been ordered into production. The parallel progress in the interntinental ballistic missile effort will be advanced by our plans for acceleration. The development of the submarine-based Polaris missile system has progressed so well that its future procurement schedules are being moved forward markedly. When it is remembered that our untry has ncentrated on the development of ballistic missiles for only about a third as long as the Soviets, these achievements show a rate of progress that speaks for itself. Only a brief time back, we were spending at the rate of only about one million dollars a year on long range ballistic missiles. In we spent more than one billion dollars on the Arias, Titan, Thor, Jupiter, and Polaris programs alone. But I repeat, gratifying though this rate of progress is, we must still do more Our real problem, then, is not our strength today; it is rather the vital necessity of action today to ensure our strength tomorrow. What I have just said applies to our strength as a single untry. But we are not alone. I have returned from the recent NATO meeting with renewed nviction that, because we are a part of a world-wide mmunity of free and peaceful nations, our own security is immeasurably increased. By ntrast, the Soviet Union has surrounded itself with captive and sullen nations. Like a crack in the crust of an uneasily sleeping volcano, the Hungarian uprising revealed the depth and intensity of the patriotic longing for liberty that still burns within these untries. The world thinks of us as a untry which is strong, but which will never start a war. The world also thinks of us as a land which has never enslaved anyone and which is animated by humane ideals. This friendship, based on mmon ideals, is one of our greatest sources of strength. It cements into a hesive security arrangement the aggregate of the spiritual, military and enomic strength of all those nations which, with us, are allied by treaties and agreements. "Up to this point, I have talked solely about our military strength to deter a possible future war.   I now want to talk about the strength we need to win a different kind of war--one that has already been launched against us." It is the massive enomic offensive that has been mounted by the mmunist imperialists against free nations. The mmunist imperialist regimes have for some time been largely frustrated in their attempts at expansion based directly on force. As a result, they have begun to ncentrate heavily on enomic penetration, particularly of newly-developing untries, as a preliminary to political domination. This non-military drive, if underestimated, uld defeat the free world regardless of our military strength. This danger is all the greater precisely because many of us fail or refuse to regnize it. Thus, some people may be tempted to finance our extra military effort by cutting enomic assistance. But at the very time when the enomic threat is assuming menacing proportions, to fail to strengthen our own effort would be nothing less than reckless folly Admittedly, most of us did not anticipate the psychological impact upon the world of the launching of the first earth satellite. Let us not make the same kind of mistake in another field, by failing to anticipate the much more serious impact of the Soviet enomic offensive. As with our military potential, our enomic assets are more than equal to the task. Our independent farmers produce an abundance of food and fibre. Our free workers are versatile, intelligent, and hardworking. Our businessmen are imaginative and resourceful. The productivity, the adaptability of the American enomy is the solid foundation-stone of our security structure. We have just ncluded another prosperous year. Our output was once more the greatest in the nation's history. In the latter part of the year, some decline in employment and output occurred, following the exceptionally rapid expansion of recent years. In a free enomy, reflecting as it does the independent judgments of millions of people, growth typically moves forward unevenly. But the basic forces of growth remain unimpaired. There are solid grounds for nfidence that enomic growth will be resumed without an extended interruption. Moreover, the Federal government, nstantly alert to signs of weakening in any part of our enomy, always stands ready, with its full power, to take any appropriate further action to promote renewed business expansion. If our history teaches us anything, it is this lesson: so far as the enomic potential of our nation is ncerned, the believers in the future of America have always been the realists. I unt myself as one of this mpany. Our long-range problem, then, is not the stamina of our enormous engine of production. Our problem is to make sure that we use these vast enomic forces nfidently and creatively, not only in direct military defense efforts, but likewise in our foreign policy, through such activities as mutual enomic aid and foreign trade. In much the same way, we have tremendous potential resources on other non-military fronts to help in untering the Soviet threat: education, science, research, and, not least, the ideas and principles by which we live. And in all these cases the task ahead is to bring these resources more sharply to bear upon the new tasks of security and peace in a swiftly-changing world. IV. There are many items in the Administration's program, of a kind frequently included in a State of the Union Message, with which I am not dealing today. They are important to us and to our prosperity. But I am reserving them for treatment in separate mmunications because of my purpose today of speaking only about matters bearing directly upon our security and peace. I now place before you an outline of action designed to focus our resources upon the two tasks of security and peace. In this special category I list eight items requiring action. They are not merely desirable. They are imperative. . DEFENSE REORGANIZATION The first need is to assure ourselves that military organization facilitates rather than hinders the functioning of the military establishment in maintaining the security of the nation. Since World War II, the purpose of achieving maximum organizational efficiency in a modern defense establishment has several times occasioned action by the Congress and by the Executive. The advent of revolutionary new devices, bringing with them the problem of overall ntinental defense, creates new difficulties, reminiscent of those attending the advent of the airplane half a century ago. Some of the important new weapons which technology has produced do not fit into any existing service pattern. They cut across all services, involve all services, and transcend all services, at every stage from development to operation. In some instances they defy classification acrding to branch of service. Unfortunately, the uncertainties resulting from such a situation, and the jurisdictional disputes attending upon it, tend to bewilder and nfuse the public and create the impression that service differences are damaging the national interest. Let us proudly remember that the members of the Armed Forces give their basic allegiance solely to the United States. Of that fact all of us are certain. But pride of service and mistaken zeal in promoting particular doctrine has more than once occasioned the kind of difficulty of which I have just spoken. I am not attempting today to pass judgment on the charge of harmful service rivalries. But one thing is sure. Whatever they are, America wants them stopped. Recently I have had under special study the never-ending problem of efficient organization, mplicated as it is by new weapons. Soon my nclusions will be finalized. I shall promptly take such Executive action as is necessary and, in a separate message, I shall present appropriate remmendations to the Congress. Meanwhile, without anticipating the detailed form that a reorganization should take, I can state its main lines in terms of objectives: A major purpose of military organization is to achieve real unity in the Defense establishment in all the principal features of military activities. Of all these, one of the most important to our nation's security is strategic planning and ntrol. This work must be done under unified direction. The defense structure must be one which, as a whole, can assume, with top efficiency and without friction, the defense of America. The Defense establishment must therefore plan for a better integration of its defensive resources, particularly with respect to the newer weapons now building and under development. These obviously require full ordination in their development, production and use. Good organization can help assure this ordination. In regnition of the need for single ntrol in some of our most advanced development projects, the Secretary of Defense has already decided to ncentrate into one organization all the anti-missile and satellite technology undertaken within the Department of Defense. Another requirement of military organization is a clear subordination of the military services to duly nstituted civilian authority. This ntrol must be real; not merely on the surface. Next there must be assurance that an excessive number of mpartments in organization will not create stly and nfusing mpartments in our scientific and industrial effort. Finally, to end inter-service disputes requires clear organization and decisive central direction, supported by the unstinted operation of every individual in the defense establishment, civilian and military. . ACCELERATED DEFENSE EFFORT The send major action item is the acceleration of the defense effort in particular areas affected by the fast pace of scientific and technological advance. Some of the points at which improved and increased effort are most essential are these: We must have sure warning in case of attack. The improvement of warning equipment is beming increasingly important as we approach the period when long-range missiles will me into use. We must protect and disperse our striking forces and increase their readiness for instant reaction. This means more base facilities and standby crews. We must maintain deterrent retaliatory power. This means, among other things, stepped-up long range missile programs; accelerated programs for other effective missile systems; and, for some years, more advanced aircraft. We must maintain freedom of the seas. This means nuclear submarines and cruisers; improved anti-submarine weapons; missile ships; and the like. We must maintain all necessary types of mobile forces to deal with local nflicts, should there be need. This means further improvements in equipment, mobility, tactics and fire power. Through increases in pay and incentive, we must maintain in the armed forces the skilled manpower modern military forces require. We must be forward-looking in our research and development to anticipate and achieve the unimagined weapons of the future. With these and other improvements, we intend to assure that our vigilance, power, and technical excellence keep abreast of any realistic threat we face. . MUTUAL AID Third: We must ntinue to strengthen our mutual security efforts. Most people now realize that our programs of military aid and defense support are an integral part of our own defense effort. If the foundations of the Free World structure were progressively allowed to crumble under the pressure of mmunist imperialism, the entire house of freedom would be in danger of llapse. As for the mutual enomic assistance program, the benefit to us is threefold. First, the untries receiving this aid beme bulwarks against mmunist encroachment as their military defenses and enomies are strengthened. Nations that are nscious of a steady improvement in their industry, education, health and standard of living are not apt to fall prey to the blandishments of mmunist imperialists. Send, these untries are helped to reach the point where mutually profitable trade can expand between them and us. Third, the mutual nfidence that mes from working together on nstructive projects creates an atmosphere in which real understanding and peace can flourish. To help bring these multiple benefits, our enomic aid effort should be made more effective. In proposals for future enomic aid, I am stressing a greater use of repayable loans, through the Development Loan Fund, through funds generated by sale of surplus farm products, and through the Export-Import Bank. While some increase in Government funds will be required, it remains our objective to enurage shifting to the use of private capital sources as rapidly as possible. One great obstacle to the enomic aid program in the past has been, not a rational argument against it on the merits, but a catchword: give-away program." "The real fact is that no investment we make in our own security and peace can pay us greater dividends than necessary amounts of enomic aid to friendly nations.   This is no "give-away.""   Let's stick to facts " We cannot afford to have one of our most essential security programs shot down with a slogan . MUTUAL TRADE Fourth: Both in our national interest, and in the interest of world peace, we must have a five-year extension of the Trade Agreements Act with broadened authority to negotiate. World trade supports a significant segment of American industry and agriculture. It provides employment for four and one-half million American workers. It helps supply our ever increasing demand for raw materials. It provides the opportunity for American free enterprise to develop on a worldwide scale. It strengthens our friends and increases their desire to be friends. World trade helps to lay the groundwork for peace by making all free nations of the world stronger and more self-reliant. America is today the world's greatest trading nation. If we use this great asset wisely to meet the expanding demands of the world, we shall not only provide future opportunities for our own business, agriculture, and labor, but in the process strengthen our security posture and other prospects for a prosperous, harmonious world. As President McKinley said, as long ago as : Isolation is no longer possible or desirable ... The period of exclusiveness is past." . SCIENTIFIC COOPERATION WITH OUR ALLIES Fifth: It is of the highest importance that the Congress enact the necessary legislation to enable us to exchange appropriate scientific and technical information with friendly untries as part of our effort to achieve effective scientific operation. It is wasteful in the extreme for friendly allies to nsume talent and money in solving problems that their friends have already solved--all because of artificial barriers to sharing. We cannot afford to cut ourselves off from the brilliant talents and minds of scientists in friendly untries. The task ahead will be hard enough without handcuffs of our own making. The groundwork for this kind of operation has already been laid in discussions among NATO untries. Promptness in following through with legislation will be the best possible evidence of American unity of purpose in operating with our friends. . EDUCATION AND RESEARCH Sixth: In the area of education and research, I remmend a balanced program to improve our resources, involving an investment of about a billion dollars over a four year period. This involves new activities by the Department of Health, Education and Welfare designed principally to enurage improved teaching quality and student opportunities in the interests of national security. It also provides a five-fold increase in sums available to the National Science Foundation for its special activities in stimulating and improving science education. Scrupulous attention has been paid to maintaining local ntrol of educational policy, spurring the maximum amount of local effort, and to avoiding undue stress on the physical sciences at the expense of other branches of learning. In the field of research, I am asking for substantial increases in basic research funds, including a doubling of the funds available to the National Science Foundation for this purpose. But Federal action can do only a part of the job. In both education and research, redoubled exertions will be necessary on the part of all Americans if we are to rise to the demands of our times. This means hard work on the part of state and local governments, private industry, schools and lleges, private organizations and foundations, teachers, parents, and--perhaps most important of all--the student himself, with his bag of books and his homework. With this kind of all-inclusive campaign, I have no doubt that we can create the intellectual capital we need for the years ahead, invest it in the right places--and do all this, not as regimented pawns, but as free men and women . SPENDING AND SAVING Seventh: To provide for this extra effort for security, we must apply stern tests of priority to other expenditures, both military and civilian. This extra effort involves, most immediately, the need for a supplemental defense appropriation of . billion for fiscal year . In the budget, increased expenditures for missiles, nuclear ships, atomic energy, research and development, science and education, a special ntingency fund to deal with possible new technological disveries, and increases in pay and incentives to obtain and retain mpetent manpower add up to a total increase over the mparable figures in the budget of about billion. I believe that, in spite of these necessary increases, we should strive to finance the security effort out of expected revenues. While we now believe that expected revenues and expenditures will roughly balance, our real purpose will be to achieve adequate security, but always with the utmost regard for efficiency and careful management. This purpose will require the operation of Congress in making careful analysis of estimates presented, reducing expenditure on less essential military programs and installations, postponing some new civilian programs, transferring some to the states, and curtailing or eliminating others. Such related matters as the national debt ceiling and tax revenues will be dealt with in later messages. . WORKS OF PEACE "My last call for action is not primarily addressed to the Congress and people of the United States. Rather, it is a message from the people of the United States to all other peoples, especially those of the Soviet Union.   This is the spirit of what we would like to say:" "In the last analysis, there is only one solution to the grim problems that lie ahead. The world must stop the present plunge toward more and more destructive weapons of war, and turn the rner that will start our steps firmly on the path toward lasting peace. "Our greatest hope for success lies in a universal fact: the people of the world, as people, have always wanted peace and want peace now. """The problem, then, is to find a way of translating this universal desire into action.   ""This will require more than words of peace. It requires works of peace.""" Now, may I try to give you some ncrete examples of the kind of works of peace that might make a beginning in the new direction. For a start our people should learn to know each other better. Recent negotiations in Washington have provided a basis in principle for greater freedom of mmunication and exchange of people. I urge the Soviet government to operate in turning principle into practice by prompt and tangible actions that will break down the unnatural barriers that have blocked the flow of thought and understanding between our people. Another kind of work of peace is operation on projects of human welfare. For example, we now have it within our power to eradicate from the face of the earth that age-old surge of mankind: malaria. We are embarking with other nations in an all-out five-year campaign to blot out this curse forever. We invite the Soviets to join with us in this great work of humanity. Indeed, we would be willing to pool our efforts with the Soviets in other campaigns against the diseases that are the mmon enemy of all mortals--such as cancer and heart disease. If people can get together on such projects, is it not possible that we uld then go on to a full-scale operative program of Science for Peace? We have as a guide and inspiration the success of our Atoms-for-Peace proposal, which in only a few years, under United Nations auspices, became a reality in the International Atomic Energy Agency. A program of Science for Peace might provide a means of funneling into one place the results of research from scientists everywhere and from there making it available to all parts of the world. There is almost no limit to the human betterment that uld result from such operation. Hunger and disease uld increasingly be driven from the earth. The age-old dream of a good life for all uld, at long last, be translated into reality. But of all the works of peace, none is more needed now than a real first step toward disarmament. Last August the United Nations General Assembly, by an overwhelming vote, approved a disarmament plan that we and our allies sincerely believed to be fair and practical. The Soviets have rejected both the plan, and the negotiating procedure set up by the United Nations. As a result, negotiation on this supremely important issue is now at a stand-still. But the world cannot afford to stand still on disarmament We must never give up the search for a basis of agreement. Our allies from time to time develop differing ideas on how to proceed. We must ncert these nvictions among ourselves. Thereafter, any reasonable proposal that holds promise for disarmament and reduction of tension must be heard, discussed, and, if possible, negotiated. But a disarmament proposal, to hold real promise, must at the minimum have one feature: reliable means to ensure mpliance by all. It takes actions and demonstrated integrity on both sides to create and sustain nfidence. And nfidence in a genuine disarmament agreement is vital, not only to the signers of the agreement, but also to the millions of people all over the world who are weary of tensions and armaments. I say once more, to all peoples, that we will always go the extra mile with anyone on earth if it will bring us nearer a genuine peace. CONCLUSION These, then, are the ways in which we must funnel our energies more efficiently into the task of advancing security and peace. These actions demand and expect two things of the American people: sacrifice, and a high degree of understanding. For sacrifice to be effective it must be intelligent. Sacrifice must be made for the right purpose and in the right place--even if that place happens to me close to home After all, it is no good demanding sacrifice in general terms one day, and the next day, for local reasons, opposing the elimination of some unneeded Federal facility. It is pointless to ndemn Federal spending in general, and the next moment ndemn just as strongly an effort to reduce the particular Federal grant that touches one's own interest. And it makes no sense whatever to spend additional billions on military strength to deter a potential danger, and then, by cutting aid and trade programs, let the world succumb to a present danger in enomic guise. My friends of the Congress: The world is waiting to see how wisely and decisively a free representative government will now act. I believe that this Congress possesses and will display the wisdom promptly to do its part in translating into law the actions demanded by our nation's interests. But, to make law effective, our kind of government needs the full voluntary support of millions of Americans for these actions. I am fully nfident that the response of the Congress and of the American people will make this time of test a time of honor. Mankind then will see more clearly than ever that the future belongs, not to the ncept of the regimented atheistic state, but to the people--the God-fearing, peace-loving people of all the world. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER To the Congress of the United States: I appear before the Congress today to report on the State of the Union and the relationships of the Union to the other nations of the world. I me here, firmly nvinced that at no time in the history of the Republic have circumstances more emphatically undersred the need, in all echelons of government, for vision and wisdom and resolution. You meet in a season of stress that is testing the fitness of political systems and the validity of political philosophies. Each stress stems in part from causes peculiar to itself. But every stress is a reflection of a universal phenomenon. In the world today, the surging and understandable tide of nationalism is marked by widespread revulsion and revolt against tyranny, injustice, inequality and poverty. As individuals, joined in a mmon hunger for freedom, men and women and even children pit their spirit against guns and tanks. On a larger scale, in an ever more persistent search for the self-respect of authentic sovereignty and the enomic base on which national independence must rest, peoples sever old ties; seek new alliances; experiment--sometimes dangerously--in their struggle to satisfy these human aspirations. Particularly, in the past year, this tide has changed the pattern of attitudes and thinking among millions. The changes already acmplished foreshadow a world transformed by the spirit of freedom. This is no faint and pious hope. The forces now at work in the minds and hearts of men will not be spent through. many years. In the main, today's expressions of nationalism are, in spirit, echoes of our forefathers' struggle for independence. This Republic cannot be aloof to these events heralding a new epoch in the affairs of mankind. Our pledged word, our enlightened self-interest, our character as a Nation mmit us to a high role in world affairs: a role of vigorous leadership, ready strength, sympathetic understanding. The State of the Union, at the opening of the th Congress ntinues to vindicate the wisdom of the principles on which this Republic is rounded. Proclaimed in the Constitution of the Nation and in many of our historic documents, and rounded in devout religious nvictions, these principles enunciate: A vigilant regard for human liberty. A wise ncern for human welfare. A ceaseless effort for human progress. Fidelity to these principles, in our relations with other peoples, has won us new friendships and has increased our opportunity for service within the family of nations. The appeal of these principles is universal, lighting fires in the souls of men everywhere. We shall ntinue to uphold them, against those who deny them and in unselling with our friends. At home, the application of these principles to the mplex problems of our national life has brought us to an unprecedented peak in our enomic prosperity and has exemplified in our way of life the enduring human values of mind and spirit. Through the past four years these principles have guided the legislative programs submitted by the Administration to the Congress. As we attempt to apply them to current events, domestic and foreign, we must take into acunt the mplex entity that is the United States of America; what endangers it; what can improve it. The visible structure is our American enomy itself. After more than a century and a half of nstant expansion, it is still rich in a wide variety of natural resources. It is first among nations in its people'.s mastery of industrial skills. It is productive beyond our own needs of many foodstuffs and industrial products. It is rewarding to all our citizens in opportunity to earn and to advance in self-realization and in self-expression. It is fortunate in its wealth of educational and cultural and religious centers. It is vigorously dynamic in the limitless initiative and willingness to venture that characterize free enterprise. It is productive of a widely shared prosperity. Our enomy is strong, expanding, and fundamentally sound. But in any realistic appraisal, even the optimistic analyst will realize that in a prosperous period the principal threat to efficient functioning of a free enterprise system is inflation. We look back on four years of prosperous activities during which prices, the st of living, have been relatively stable--that is, inflation has been held in check. But it is clear that the danger is always present, particularly if the government might beme profligate in its expenditures or private groups might ignore all the possible results on our enomy of unwise struggles for immediate gain. This danger requires a firm resolution that the Federal Government shall utilize only a prudent share of the Nation's resources, that it shall live within its means, carefully measuring against need alternative proposals for expenditures. Through the next four years, I shall ntinue to insist that the executive departments and agencies of Government search out additional ways to save money and manpower. I urge that the Congress be equally watchful in this matter. We pledge the Government's share in guarding the integrity of the dollar. But the Government's efforts cannot be the entire campaign against inflation, the thief that can rob the individual of the value of the pension and social security he has earned during his productive life. For success, Government's efforts must be paralleled by the attitudes and actions of individual citizens. I have often spoken of the purpose of this Administration to serve the national interest of million people. The national interest must take precedence over temporary advantages which may be secured by particular groups at the expense of all the people. In this regard I call on leaders in business and in labor to think well on their responsibility to the American people. With all elements of our society, they owe the Nation a vigilant guard against the inflationary tendencies that are always at work in a dynamic enomy operating at today's high levels. They can powerfully help unteract or accentuate such tendencies by their wage and price policies. Business in its pricing policies should avoid unnecessary price increases especially at a time like the present when demand in so many areas presses hard on short supplies. A reasonable profit is essential to the new investments that provide more jobs in an expanding enomy. But business leaders must, in the national interest, studiously avoid those price rises that are possible only because of vital or unusual needs of the whole nation. If our enomy is to remain healthy, increases in wages and other labor benefits, negotiated by labor and management, must be reasonably related to improvements in productivity. Such increases are beneficial, for they provide wage earners with greater purchasing power. Except where necessary to rrect obvious injustices, wage increases that outrun productivity, however, are an inflationary factor. They make for higher prices for the public generally and impose a particular hardship on those whose welfare depends on the purchasing power of retirement inme and savings. Wage negotiations should also take gnizance of the right of the public generally to share in the benefits of improvements in technology. Freedom has been defined as the opportunity for self-discipline. This definition has a special application to the areas of wage and price policy in a free enomy. Should we persistently fail to discipline ourselves, eventually there will be increasing pressure on government to redress the failure. By that process freedom will step by step disappear. No subject on the domestic scene should more attract the ncern of the friends of American working men and women and of free business enterprise than the forces that threaten a steady depreciation of the value of our money. Concerning developments in another vital sector of our enomy--agriculture--I am gratified that the long slide in farm inme has been halted and that further improvement is in prospect. This is heartening progress. Three tools that we have developed--improved surplus disposal, improved price support laws, and the soil bank--are working to reduce price-depressing government stocks of farm products. Our ncern for the well-being of farm families demands that we nstantly search for new ways by which they can share more fully in our unprecedented prosperity. Legislative remmendations in the field of agriculture are ntained in the Budget Message. Our soil, water, mineral, forest, fish, and wildlife resources are being nserved and improved more effectively. Their nservation and development are vital to the present and future strength of the Nation. But they must not be the ncern of the Federal Government alone. State and local entities, and private enterprise should be enuraged to participate in such projects. I would like to make special mention of programs for making the best uses of water, rapidly beming our most precious natural resource, just as it can be, when neglected, a destroyer of both life and wealth. There has been prepared and published a mprehensive water report developed by a Cabinet Committee and relating to all phases of this particular problem. In the light of this report, there are two things I believe we should keep nstantly in mind. The first is that each of our great river valleys should be nsidered as a whole. Piecemeal operations within each lesser drainage area can be self-defeating or, at the very least, needlessly expensive. The send is that the domestic and industrial demands for water grow far more rapidly than does our population. The whole matter of making the best use of each drop of water from the moment it touches our soil until it reaches the oceans, for such purposes as irrigation, flood ntrol, power production, and domestic and industrial uses clearly demands the closest kind of operation and partnership between municipalities, States and the Federal Government. Through partnership of Federal, state and local authorities in these vast projects we can obtain the enomy and efficiency of development and operation that springs from a lively sense of local responsibility. Until such partnership is established on a proper and logical basis of sharing authority, responsibility and sts, our untry will never have both the fully productive use of water that it so obviously needs and protection against disastrous flood. If we fail in this, all the many tasks that need to be done in America uld be acmplished only at an excessive st, by the growth of a stifling bureaucracy, and eventually with a dangerous degree of centralized ntrol over our national life. In all domestic matters, I believe that the people of the United States will expect of us effective action to remedy past failure in meeting critical needs. High priority should be given the school nstruction bill. This will benefit children of all races throughout the untry-and children of all races need schools now. A program designed to meet emergency needs for more classrooms should be enacted without delay. I am hopeful that this program can be enacted on its own merits, unmplicated by provisions dealing with the mplex problems of integration. I urge the people in all sections of the untry to approach these problems with calm and reason, with mutual understanding and good will, and in the American tradition of deep respect for the orderly processes of law and justice. I should say here that we have much reason to be proud of the progress our people are making in mutual understanding--the chief buttress of human and civil rights. Steadily we are moving closer to the goal of fair and equal treatment of citizens without regard to race or lor. But unhappily much remains to be done. Last year the Administration remmended to the Congress a four-point program to reinforce civil rights. That program included: () creation of a bipartisan mmission to investigate asserted violations of civil rights and to make remmendations; () creation of a civil rights division in the Department of Justice in charge of an Assistant Attorney General; () enactment by the Congress of new laws to aid in the enforcement of voting rights; and () amendment of the laws so as to permit the Federal Government to seek from the civil urts preventive relief in civil rights cases. I urge that the Congress enact this legislation. Essential to the stable enomic growth we seek is a system of well-adapted and efficient financial institutions. I believe the time has me to nduct a broad national inquiry into the nature, performance and adequacy of our financial system, both in terms of its direct service to the whole enomy and in terms of its function as the mechanism through which monetary and credit policy takes effect. I believe the Congress should authorize the creation of a mmission of able and qualified citizens to undertake this vital inquiry. Out of their findings and remmendations the Administration would develop and present to the Congress any legislative proposals that might be indicated for the purpose of improving our financial machinery. In this message it seems unnecessary that I should repeat remmendations involving our domestic affairs that have been urged upon the Congress during the past four years, but which, in some instances, did not reach the stage of mpletely satisfactory legislation. The Administration will, through future messages either directly from me or from heads of the departments and agencies, transmit to the Congress specific remmendations. These will involve our financial and fiscal affairs, our military and civil defenses; the administration of justice; our agricultural enomy; our domestic and foreign mmerce; the urgently needed increase in our postal rates; the development of our natural resources; our labor laws, including our labor-management relations legislation, and vital aspects of the health, education and welfare of our people. There will be special remmendations dealing with such subjects as atomic energy, the furthering of public works, the ntinued efforts to eliminate government mpetition with the businesses of tax-paying citizens. A number of legislative remmendations will be mentioned specifically in my forthming Budget Message, which will reach you within the week. That message will also remmend such sums as are needed to implement the proposed action. Turning to the international scene: The existence of a strongly armed imperialistic dictatorship poses a ntinuing threat to the free world's and thus to our own Nation's security and peace. There are certain truths to be remembered here. First, America alone and isolated cannot assure even its own security. We must be joined by the capability and resolution of nations that have proved themselves dependable defenders of freedom. Isolation from them invites war. Our security is also enhanced by the immeasurable interest that joins us with all peoples who believe that peace with justice must be preserved, that wars of aggression are crimes against humanity. Another truth is that our survival in today's world requires modern, adequate, dependable military strength. Our Nation has made great strides in assuring a modern defense, so armed in new weapons, so deployed, so equipped, that today our security force is the most powerful in our peacetime history. It can punish heavily any enemy who undertakes to attack us. It is a major deterrent to war. By our research and development more efficient weapons-some of amazing capabilities--are being nstantly created. These vital efforts we shall ntinue. Yet we must not delude ourselves that safety necessarily increases as expenditures for military research or forces in being go up. Indeed, beyond a wise and reasonable level, which is always changing and is under nstant study, money spent on arms may be money wasted on sterile metal or inflated sts, thereby weakening the very security and strength we seek. National security requires far more than military power. Enomic and moral factors play indispensable roles. Any program that endangers our enomy uld defeat us. Any weakening of our national will and resolution, any diminution of the vigor and initiative of our individual citizens, would strike a blow at the heart of our defenses. The finest military establishment we can produce must work closely in operation with the forces of our friends. Our system of regional pacts, developed within the Charter of the United Nations, serves to increase both our own security and the security of other nations. This system is still a recent introduction on the world scene. Its problems are many and difficult, because it insists on equality among its members and brings into association some nations traditionally divided. Repeatedly in recent months, the llapse of these regional alliances has been predicted. The strains upon them have been at times indeed severe. Despite these strains our regional alliances have proved durable and strong, and dire predictions of their disintegration have proved mpletely false. With other free nations, we should vigorously prosecute measures that will promote mutual strength, prosperity and welfare within the free world. Strength is essentially a product of enomic health and social well-being. Consequently, even as we ntinue our programs of military assistance, we must emphasize aid to our friends in building more productive enomies and in better satisfying the natural demands of their people for progress. Thereby we shall move a long way toward a peaceful world. A sound and safeguarded agreement for open skies, unarmed aerial sentinels, and reduced armament would provide a valuable ntribution toward a durable peace in the years ahead. And we have been persistent in our effort to reach such an agreement. We are willing to enter any reliable agreement which would reverse the trend toward ever more devastating nuclear weapons; reciprocally provide against the possibility of surprise attack; mutually ntrol the outer space missile and satellite development; and make feasible a lower level of armaments and armed forces and an easier burden of military expenditures. Our ntinuing negotiations in this field are a major part of our quest for a nfident peace in this atomic age. This quest requires as well a nstructive attitude among all the nations of the free world toward expansion of trade and investment, that can give all of us opportunity to work out enomic betterment. An essential step in this field is the provision of an administrative agency to insure the orderly and proper operation of existing arrangements trader which multilateral trade is now carried on. To that end I urge Congressional authorization for United States membership in the proposed Organization for Trade Cooperation, an action which will speed removal of discrimination against our export trade. We welme the efforts of a number of our European friends to achieve an integrated mmunity to develop a mmon market. We likewise welme their operative effort in the field of atomic energy. To demonstrate once again our unalterable purpose to make of the atom a peaceful servant of humanity, I shortly shall ask the Congress to authorize full United States participation in the International Atomic Energy Agency. World events have magnified both the responsibilities and the opportunities of the United States Information Agency. Just as, in recent months, the voice of mmunism has beme more shaken and nfused, the voice of truth must be more clearly heard. To enable our Information Agency to pe with these new responsibilities and opportunities, I am asking the Congress to increase appreciably the appropriations for this program and for legislation establishing a career service for the Agency's overseas foreign service officers. The recent historic events in Hungary demand that all free nations share to the extent of their capabilities in the responsibility of granting asylum to victims of Communist persecution. I request the Congress promptly to enact legislation to regularize the status in the United States of Hungarian refugees brought here as parolees. I shall shortly remmend to the Congress by special message the changes in our immigration laws that I deem necessary in the light of our world responsibilities. The st of peace is something we must face boldly, fearlessly. Beyond money, it involves changes in attitudes, the renunciation of old prejudices, even the sacrifice of some seeming self-interest. Only five days ago I expressed to you the grave ncern of your Government over the threat of Soviet aggression in the Middle East. I asked for Congressional authorization to help unter this threat. I say again that this matter is of vital and immediate importance to the Nation's and the free world's security and peace. By our proposed programs in the Middle East, we hope to assist in establishing a climate in which nstructive and long-term solutions to basic problems of the area may be sought. From time to time, there will be presented to the Congress requests for other legislation in the broad field of international affairs. All requests will reflect the steadfast purpose of this Administration to pursue peace, based on justice. Although in some cases details will be new, the underlying purpose and objectives will remain the same. All proposals made by the Administration in this field are based on the free world's unity. This unity may not be immediately obvious unless we examine link by link the chain of relationships that binds us to every area and to every nation. In spirit the free world is one because its people uphold the right of independent existence for all nations. I have already alluded to their enomic interdependence. But their interdependence extends also into the field of security. First of all, no reasonable man will question the absolute need for our American neighbors to be prosperous and secure. Their security and prosperity are inextricably bound to our own. And we are, of urse, already joined with these neighbors by historic pledges. Again, no reasonable man will deny that the freedom and prosperity and security of Western Europe are vital to our own prosperity and security. If the institutions, the skills, the manpower of its peoples were to fall under the domination of an aggressive imperialism, the violent change in the balance of world power and in the pattern of world mmerce uld not be fully mpensated for by any American measures, military or enomic. But these people, whose enomic strength is largely dependent on free and uninterrupted movement of oil from the Middle East, cannot prosper--indeed, their enomies would be severely impaired--should that area be ntrolled by an enemy and the movement of oil be subject to its decisions. Next, to the Eastward, are Asiatic and Far Eastern peoples, recently returned to independent ntrol of their own affairs or now emerging into sovereign statehood. Their potential strength nstitutes new assurance for stability and peace in the world--if they can retain their independence. Should they lose freedom and be dominated by an aggressor, the world-wide effects would imperil the security of the free world. In short, the world has so shrunk that all free nations are our neighbors. Without operative neighbors, the United States cannot maintain its own security and welfare, because: First, America's vital interests are world-wide, embracing both hemispheres and every ntinent. Send, we have mmunity of interest with every nation in the free world. Third, interdependence of interests requires a decent respect for the rights and the peace of all peoples. These principles motivate our actions within the United Nations. There, before all the world, by our loyalty to them, by our practice of them, let us strive to set a standard to which all who seek justice and who hunger for peace can rally. May we at home, here at the Seat of Government, in all the cities and towns and farmlands of America, support these principles in a personal effort of dedication. Thereby each of us can help establish a secure world order in which opportunity for freedom and justice will be more widespread, and in which the resources now dissipated on the armaments of war can be released for the life and growth of all humanity. When our forefathers prepared the immortal document that proclaimed our independence, they asserted that every individual is endowed by his Creator with certain inalienable rights. As we gaze back through history to that date, it is clear that our nation has striven to live up to this declaration, applying it to nations as well as to individuals. Today we proudly assert that the government of the United States is still mmitted to this ncept, both in its activities at home and abroad. The purpose is Divine; the implementation is human. Our untry and its government have made mistakes--human mistakes. They have been of the head--not of the heart. And it is still true that the great ncept of the dignity of all men, alike created in the image of the Almighty, has been the mpass by which we have tried and are trying to steer our urse. So long as we ntinue by its guidance, there will be true progress in human affairs, both among ourselves and among those with whom we deal. To achieve a more perfect fidelity to it, I submit, is a worthy ambition as we meet together in these first days of this, the first session of the th Congress. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER [Read before a joint session by a clerk of the House of Representatives] To the Congress of the United States: The opening of this new year must arouse in us all grateful thanks to a kind Providence whose protection has been ever present and whose bounty has been manifold and abundant. The State of the Union today demonstrates what can be acmplished under God by a free people; by their vision, their understanding of national problems, their initiative, their self-reliance, their capacity for work--and by their willingness to sacrifice whenever sacrifice is needed. In the past three years, responding to what our people want their Government to do, the Congress and the Executive have done much in building a stronger, better America. There has been broad progress in fostering the energies of our people, in providing greater opportunity for the satisfaction of their need, s, and in fulfilling their demands for the strength and security of the Republic. Our untry is at peace. Our security posture mmands respect. A spiritual vigor marks our national life. Our enomy, approaching the billion dollar mark, is at an unparalleled level of prosperity. The national inme is more widely and fairly distributed than ever before. The number of Americans at work has reached an all-time high. As a people, we are achieving ever higher standards of living--earning more, producing more, nsuming more, building more and investing more than ever before. Virtually all sectors of our society are sharing in these good times. Our farm families, if we act wisely, imaginatively and promptly to strengthen our present farm programs, can also look forward to sharing equitably in the prosperity they have helped to create. War in Korea ended two and a half years ago. The llective security system has been powerfully strengthened. Our defenses have been reinforced at sharply reduced sts. Programs to expand world trade and to harness the atom for the betterment of mankind have been carried forward. Our enomy has been freed from governmental wage and price ntrols. Inflation has been halted; the st of living stabilized. Government spending has been cut by more than ten billion dollars. Nearly three hundred thousand positions have been eliminated from the Federal payroll. Taxes have been substantially reduced. A balanced budget is in prospect. Social security has been extended to ten million more Americans and unemployment insurance to four million more. Unprecedented advances in civil rights have been made. The long-standing and deep-seated problems of agriculture have been forthrightly attacked. This rerd of progress has been acmplished with a self imposed caution against unnecessary and unwise interference in the private affairs of our people, of their mmunities and of the several States. If we of the Executive and Legislative Branches, keeping this caution ever in mind, address ourselves to the business of the year before us--and to the unfinished business of last year--with resolution, the outlook is bright with promise. Many measures of great national importance remmended last year to the Congress still demand immediate attention legislation for school and highway nstruction; health and immigration legislation; water resources legislation; legislation to mplete the implementation of our foreign enomic policy; such labor legislation as amendments of the Labor-Management Relations Act, extension of the Fair Labor Standards Act to additional groups not now vered, and occupational safety legislation; and legislation for nstruction of an atomic-powered exhibit vessel. Many new items of business likewise require our attention-measures that will further promote the release of the energies of our people; that will broaden opportunity for all of them; that will advance the Republic in its leadership toward a just peace; measures, in short, that are essential to the building of an everstronger, ever-better America. Every political and enomic guide supports a valid nfidence that wise effort will be rewarded by an even more plentiful harvest of human benefit than we now enjoy. Our resources are too many, our principles too dynamic, our purposes too worthy and the issues at stake too immense for us to entertain doubt or fear. But our responsibilities require that we approach this year's business with a sober humility. A heedless pride in our present strength and position would blind us to the facts of the past, to the pitfalls of the future. We must walk ever in the knowledge that we are enriched by a heritage earned in the labor and sacrifice of our forebears; that, for our children's children, we are trustees of a great Republic and a time-tested political system; that we prosper as a operating member of the family of nations. In this light the Administration has ntinued work on its program for the Republic, begun three years ago. Because the. vast spread of national and human interests is involved within it, I shall not in this Message attempt its detailed delineation. Instead, from time to time during this Session, there will be submitted to the Congress specific remmendations within specific fields. In the mprehensive survey required for their preparation, the Administration is guided by enduring objectives. The first is: THE DISCHARGE OF OUR WORLD RESPONSIBILITY Our world policy and our actions are dedicated to the achievement of peace with justice for all nations. With this purpose, we move in a wide variety of ways and through many agencies to remove the pall of fear; to strengthen the ties with our partners and to improve the operative hesion of the free world; to reduce the burden of armaments, and to stimulate and inspire action among all nations for a world of justice and prosperity and peace. These national objectives are fully supported by both our political parties. In the past year, our search for a more stable and just peace has taken varied forms. Among the most important were the two Conferences at Geneva, in July and in the fall of last year. We explored the possibilities of agreement on critical issues that jeopardize the peace. The July meeting of Heads of Government held out promise to the world of moderation in the bitterness, of word and action, which tends to generate nflict and war. All were in agreement that a nuclear war would be an intolerable disaster which must not be permitted to occur. But in October, when the Foreign Ministers met again, the results demonstrated nclusively that the Soviet leaders are not yet willing to create the indispensable nditions for a secure and lasting peace. Nevertheless, it is clear that the nflict between international mmunism and freedom has taken on a new mplexion. We know the Communist leaders have often practiced the tactics of retreat and zigzag. We know that Soviet and Chinese mmunism still poses a serious threat to the free world. And in the Middle East recent Soviet moves are hardly mpatible with the reduction of international tension. Yet Communist tactics against the free nations have shifted in emphasis from reliance on violence and the threat of violence to reliance on division, enticement and duplicity. We must be well prepared to meet the current tactics which pose a dangerous though less obvious threat. At the same time, our policy must be dynamic as well as flexible, designed primarily to forward the achievement of our own objectives rather than to meet each shift and change on the Communist front. We must act in the firm assurance that the fruits of freedom are more attractive and desirable to mankind in the pursuit of happiness than the rerd of Communism. In the face of Communist military power, we must, of urse, ntinue to maintain an effective system of llective security. This involves two things--a system which gives clear warning that armed aggression will be met by joint action of the free nations, and deterrent military power to make that warning effective. Moreover, the awesome power of the atom must be made to serve as a guardian of the free mmunity and of the peace. In the last year, the free world has seen major gains for the system of llective security: the accession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Western European Union of the sovereign Federal German Republic; the developing operation under the Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty; and the formation in the Middle East of the Baghdad Pact among Turkey, Iraq, Iran, Pakistan and the United Kingdom. In our own hemisphere, the inter-American system has ntinued to show its vitality in maintaining peace and a mmon approach to world problems. We now have security pacts with more than other nations. In the pursuit of our national purposes, we have been steadfast in our support of the United Nations, now entering its send decade with a wider membership and ever-increasing influence and usefulness. In the release of our fifteen fliers from Communist China, an essential prelude was the world opinion mobilized by the General Assembly, which ndemned their imprisonment and demanded their liberation. The successful Atomic Energy Conference held in Geneva under United Nations auspices and our Atoms for Peace program have been practical steps toward the world-wide use of this new energy source. Our sponsorship of such use has benefited our relations with other untries. Active negotiations are now in progress to create an International Agency to foster peaceful uses of atomic energy. During the past year the crucial problem of disarmament has moved to the forefront of practical political endeavor. At Geneva, I declared the readiness of the United States to exchange blueprints of the military establishments of our nation and the USSR, to be nfirmed by reciprocal aerial rennaissance. By this means, I felt mutual suspicions uld be allayed and an atmosphere developed in which negotiations looking toward limitation of arms would have improved chances of success. In the United Nations Submmittee on Disarmament last fall, this proposal was explored and the United States also declared itself willing to include reciprocal ground inspection of key points. By the overwhelming vote of to , the United Nations on December endorsed these proposals and gave them a top priority. Thereby, the issue is placed squarely before the bar of world opinion. We shall persevere in seeking a general reduction of armaments under effective inspection and ntrol which are essential safeguards to ensure reciprocity and protect the security of all. In the ming year much remains to be done. While maintaining our military deterrent, we must intensify our efforts to achieve a just peace. In Asia we shall ntinue to give help to nations struggling to maintain their freedom against the threat of Communist ercion or subversion. In Europe we shall endeavor to increase not only the military strength of the North Atlantic Alliance but also its political hesion and unity of purpose. We shall give such assistance as is feasible to the recently renewed effort of Western European nations to achieve a greater measure of integration, such as in the field of peaceful uses of atomic energy. In the Near East we shall spare no effort in seeking to promote a fair solution of the tragic dispute between the Arab States and Israel, all of whom we want as our friends. The United States is ready to do its part to assure enduring peace in that area. We hope that both sides will make the ntributions necessary to achieve that purpose. In Latin America, we shall ntinue to operate vigorously in trade and other measures designed to assist enomic progress in the area. Strong enomic ties are an essential element in our free world partnership. Increasing trade and investment help all of us prosper together. Gratifying progress has been made in this direction, most recently by the three-year extension of our trade agreements legislation. I most earnestly request that the Congress approve our membership in the Organization for Trade Cooperation, which would assist the carrying out of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to which we have been a party since . Our membership in the OTC will provide the most effective and expeditious means for removing discriminations and restrictions against American exports and in making our trade agreements truly reciprocal. United States membership in the Organization will evidence our ntinuing desire to operate in promoting an expanded trade among the free nations. Thus the Organization, as proposed, is admirably suited to our own interests and to those of like-minded nations in working for steady expansion of trade and closer enomic operation. Being strictly an administrative entity, the Organization for Trade Cooperation cannot, of urse, alter the ntrol by Congress of the tariff, import, and customs policies of the United States. We need to enurage investment overseas by avoiding unfair tax duplications, and to foster foreign trade by further simplification and improvement of our customs legislation. We must sustain and fortify our Mutual Security Program. Because the nditions of poverty and unrest in less developed areas make their people a special target of international mmunism, there is a need to help them achieve the enomic growth and stability necessary to preserve their independence against mmunist threats and enticements. In order that our friends may better achieve the greater strength that is our mmon goal, they need assurance of ntinuity in enomic assistance for development projects and programs which we approve and which require a period of years for planning and mpletion. Acrdingly, I ask Congress to grant limited authority to make longer-term mmitments for assistance to such projects, to be fulfilled from appropriations to be made in future fiscal years. These various steps will powerfully strengthen the enomic foundation of our foreign policy. Together with nstructive action abroad, they will maintain the present momentum toward general enomic progress and vitality of the free world. In all things, change is the inexorable law of life. In much of the world the ferment of change is working strongly; but grave injustices are still unrrected. We must not, by any sanction of ours, help to perpetuate these wrongs. I have particularly in mind the oppressive division of the German people, the bondage of millions elsewhere, and the exclusion of Japan from United Nations membership. We shall keep these injustices in the forefront of human nsciousness and seek to maintain the pressure of world opinion to fight these vast wrongs in the interest both of justice and secure peace. Injustice thrives on ignorance. Because an understanding of the truth about America is one of our most powerful forces, I am remmending a substantial increase in budgetary support of the United States Information Agency. The sum of our international effort should be this: the waging of peace, with as much resourcefulness, with as great a sense of dedication and urgency, as we have ever mustered in defense of our untry in time of war. In this effort, our weapon is not force. Our weapons are the principles and ideas embodied in our historic traditions, applied with the same vigor that in the past made America a living promise of freedom for all mankind. To acmplish these vital tasks, all of us should be ncerned with the strength, effectiveness and morale of our State Department and our Foreign Service. Another guide in the preparation of the Administration's program is: THE CONSTANT IMPROVEMENT OF OUR NATIONAL SECURITY Because peace is the keystone of our national policy, our defense program emphasizes an effective flexible type of power calculated to deter or repulse any aggression and to preserve the peace. Short of war, we have never had military strength better adapted to our needs with improved readiness for emergency use. The maintenance of this strong military capability for the indefinite future will ntinue to call for a large share of our national budget. Our military programs must meet the needs of today. To build less would expose the nation to aggression. To build excessively, under the influence of fear, uld defeat our purposes and impair or destroy the very freedom and enomic system our military defenses are designed to protect. We have improved the effectiveness and mbat readiness of our forces by developing and making operational new weapons and by integrating the latest scientific developments, including new atomic weapons, into our military plans. We ntinue to push the production of the most modern military aircraft. The development of long-range missiles has been on an accelerated basis for some time. We are moving as rapidly as practicable toward nuclear-powered aircraft and ships. Combat capability, especially in terms of firepower, has been substantially increased. We have made the adjustments in personnel permitted by the cessation of the Korean War, the buildup of our allies and the introduction of new weapons. The services are all planning realistically on a long-term basis. To strengthen our ntinental defenses the United States and Canada, in the closest operation, have substantially augmented early warning networks. Great progress is being made in extending surveillance of the Arctic, the Atlantic and the Pacific approaches to North America. In the last analysis our real strength lies in the caliber of the men and women in our Armed Forces, active and Reserve. Much has been done to attract and hold capable military personnel, but more needs to be done. This year, I renew my request of last year for legislation to provide proper medical care for military dependents and a more equitable survivors' benefit program. The Administration will prepare additional remmendations designed to achieve the same objectives, including career incentives for medical and dental officers and nurses, and increases in the proportion of regular officers. Closely related to the mission of the Defense Department is the task of the Federal Civil Defense Administration. A particular point of relationship arises from the fact that the key to civil defense is the expanded ntinental defense program, including the distant early warning system. Our Federal civil defense authorities have made progress in their program, and now mprehensive studies are being nducted jointly by the Federal Civil Defense Administration, the States, and critical target cities to determine the best procedures that can be adopted in case of an atomic attack. We must strengthen Federal assistance to the States and cities in devising the most effective mmon defense. We have a broad and diversified mobilization base. We have the facilities, materials, skills and knowledge rapidly to expand the production of things we need for our defense whenever they are required. But mobilization base requirements change with changing technology and strategy. We must maintain flexibility to meet new requirements. I am requesting, therefore, that the Congress once again extend the Defense Production Act. Of great importance to our nation's security is a ntinuing alertness to internal subversive activity within or without our government. This Administration will not relax its efforts to deal forthrightly and vigorously in protection of this government and its citizens against subversion, at the same time fully protecting the nstitutional rights of all citizens. A third objective of the Administration is: FISCAL INTEGRITY A public office is, indeed, a public trust. None of its aspects is more demanding than the proper management of the public finances. I refer now not only to the indispensable virtues of plain honesty and trustworthiness but also to the prudent, effective and nscientious use of tax money. I refer also to the attitude of mind that makes efficient and enomical service to the people a watchword in our government. Over the long term, a balanced budget is a sure index to thrifty management--in a home, in a business or in the Federal Government. When achievement of a balanced budget is for long put off in a business or home, bankruptcy is the result. But in similar circumstances a government resorts to inflation of the money supply. This inevitably results in depreciation of the value of the money, and an increase in the st of living. Every investment in personal security is threatened by this process of inflation, and the real values of the people's savings, whether in the form of insurance, bonds, pension and retirement funds or savings acunts are thereby shriveled. We have made long strides these past three years in bringing our Federal finances under ntrol. The deficit for fiscal year was almost -/ billion dollars. Larger deficits seemed certain--deficits which would have depreciated the value of the dollar and pushed the st of living still higher. But government waste and extravagance were searched out. Nonessential activities were dropped. Government expenses were carefully scrutinized. Total spending was cut by billion dollars below the amount planned by the previous Administration for the fiscal year . This made possible--and it was appropriate in the existing circumstances of transition to a peacetime enomy--the largest tax cut in any year in our history. Almost -½ billion dollars were released and every taxpayer in the untry benefited. Almost two-thirds of the savings went directly to individuals. This tax cut also helped to build up the enomy, to make jobs in industry and to increase the production of the many things desired to improve the scale of living for the great majority of Americans. The strong expansion of the enomy, upled with a nstant care for efficiency in government operations and an alert guard against waste and duplication, has brought us to a prospective balance between inme and expenditure. This is being done while we ntinue to strengthen our military security. I expect the budget to be in balance during the fiscal year ending June , . I shall propose a balanced budget for the next fiscal year ending June , . But the balance we are seeking cannot be acmplished without the ntinuing every-day effort of the Executive and Legislative Branches to keep expenditures under ntrol. It will also be necessary to ntinue all of the present excise taxes without any reduction and the rporation inme taxes at their present rates for another year beyond next April st. It is unquestionably true that our present tax level is very burdensome and, in the interest of long term and ntinuous enomic growth, should be reduced when we prudently can. It is essential, in the sound management of the Government's finances, that we be mindful of our enormous national debt and of the obligation we have toward future Americans to reduce that debt whenever we can appropriately do so. Under nditions of high peacetime prosperity, such as now exist, we can never justify going further into debt to give ourselves a tax cut at the expense of our children. So, in the present state of our financial affairs, I earnestly believe that a tax cut can be deemed justifiable only when it will not unbalance the budget, a budget which makes provision for some reduction, even though modest, in our national debt. In this way we can best maintain fiscal integrity. A fourth aim of our program is: TO FOSTER A STRONG ECONOMY Our mpetitive enterprise system depends on the energy of free human beings, limited by prudent restraints in law, using free markets to plan, organize and distribute production, and spurred by the prospect of reward for successful effort. This system has developed our resources. It has marvelously expanded our productive capacity. Against the rerd of all other enomic systems devised through the ages, this mpetitive system has proved the most creative user of human skills in the development of physical resources, and the richest rewarder of human effort. This is still true in this era when improved living standards and rising national requirements are acmpanied by swift advances in technology and rapid obsolescence in machines and methods. Typical of these are the strides made in nstruction of plants to produce electrical energy from atomic power and of laboratories and installations for the application of this new force in industry, agriculture and the healing arts. These developments make it imperative--to assure effective functioning of our enterprise system--that the Federal Government ncern itself with certain broad areas of our enomic life. Most important of these is: Agriculture Our farm people are not sharing as they should in the general prosperity. They alone of all major groups have seen their inmes decline rather than rise. They are caught between two millstones--rising production sts and declining prices. Such harm to a part of the national enomy so vitally important to everyone is of great ncern to us all. No other resource is so indispensable as the land that feeds and clothes us. No group is more fundamental to our national life than our farmers. In successful prosecution of the war, the nation called for the utmost effort of its farmers. Their response was superb, their ntribution unsurpassed. Farmers are not now to be blamed for the mountainous, price-depressing surpluses produced in response to wartime policies and laws that were too long ntinued. War markets are not the markets of peacetime. Failure to regnize that basic fact by a timely adjustment of wartime legislation brought its inevitable result in peacetime--surpluses, lower prices and lower inmes for our farmers. The dimensions of government responsibility are as broad and mplex as the farm problem itself. We are here ncerned not only with our essential ntinuing supplies of food and fiber, but also with a way of life. Both are indispensable to the well-being and strength of the nation. Consideration of these matters must be above and beyond politics. Our national farm policy, so vital to the welfare of farm people and all of us, must not beme a field for political warfare. Too much is at stake. Our farm people expect of us, who have responsibility for their government, understanding of their problems and the will to help solve them. Our objective must be to help bring production into balance with existing and new markets, at prices that yield farmers a return for their work in line with what other Americans get. To reach this goal, deep-seated problems must be subjected to a stepped-up attack. There is no single easy solution. Rather, there must be a many-sided assault on the stubborn problems of surpluses, prices, sts, and markets; and a steady, persistent, imaginative advance in the relationship between farmers and their government. In a few days, by special message, I shall lay before the Congress my detailed remmendations for new steps that should be taken promptly to speed the transition in agriculture and thus assist our farmers to achieve their fair share of the national inme. Basic to this program will be a new attack on the surplus problem-for even the best-nceived farm program cannot work under a multi-billion dollar weight of accumulated stocks. I shall urge authorization of a soil bank program to alleviate the problem of diverted acres and an overexpanded agricultural plant. This will include an acreage reserve to reduce current and accumulated surpluses of crops in most serious difficulty, and a nservation reserve to achieve other needed adjustments in the use of agricultural resources. I shall urge measures to strengthen our surplus disposal activities. I shall propose measures to strengthen individual mmodity programs, to remove ntrols where possible, to reduce carryovers, and to stop further accumulations of surpluses. I shall ask the Congress to provide substantial new funds for an expanded drive on the research front, to develop new markets, new crops, and new uses. The Rural Development Program to better the lot of low-inme farm families deserves full Congressional support. The Great Plains Program must go forward vigorously. Advances on these and other fronts will pull down the pricedepressing surpluses and raise farm inme. In this time of testing in agriculture, we should all together, regardless of party, carry forward resolutely with a sound and forward looking program on which farm people may nfidently depend, now and for years to me. I shall briefly mention four other subjects directly related to the well-being of the enomy, preliminary to their fuller discussion in the Enomic Report and later mmunications. Resources Conservation I wish to re-emphasize the critical importance of the wise use and nservation of our great natural resources of land, forests, minerals and water and their long-range development nsistent with our agricultural policy. Water in particular now plays an increasing role in industrial processes, in the irrigation of land, in electric power, as well as in domestic uses. At the same time, it has the potential of damage and disaster. A mprehensive legislative program for water nservation will be submitted to the Congress during the Session. The development of our water resources cannot be acmplished overnight. The need is such that we must make faster progress and without delay. Therefore, I strongly remmend that action be taken at this Session on such wholly Federal projects as the Colorado River Storage Project and the Fryingpan-Arkansas Project; on the John Day partnership project, and other projects which provide for operative action between the Federal Government and non-Federal interests; and on legislation, which makes provision for Federal participation in small projects under the primary sponsorship of agencies of State and local government. During the past year the areas of our National Parks have been expanded, and new wildlife refuges have been created. The visits of our people to the Parks have increased much more rapidly than have the facilities to care for them. The Administration will submit remmendations to provide more adequate facilities to keep abreast of the increasing interest of our people in the great outdoors. Disaster Assistance A modern mmunity is a mplex mbination of skills, specialized buildings, machines, mmunications and homes. Most importantly, it involves human lives. Disaster in many forms--by flood, frost, high winds, for instance--can destroy on a massive scale in a few hours the labor of many years. Through the past three years the Administration has repeatedly moved into action wherever disaster struck. The extent of State participation in relief activities, however, has been far from uniform and, in many cases, has been either inadequate or nonexistent. Disaster assistance legislation requires overhauling and an experimental program of flood-damage indemnities should be undertaken. The Administration will make detailed remmendations on these subjects. Area Redevelopment We must help deal with the pockets of chronic unemployment that here and there mar the nation's general industrial prosperity. Enomic changes in recent years have been often so rapid and far-reaching that areas mmitted to a single local resource or industrial activity have found themselves temporarily deprived of their markets and their livelihood. Such nditions mean severe hardship for thousands of people as the slow process of adaptation to new circumstances goes on. This process can be speeded up. Last year I authorized a major study of the problem to find additional steps to supplement existing programs for the redevelopment of areas of chronic unemployment. Remmendations will be submitted, designed to supplement, with Federal technical and loan assistance local efforts to get on with this vital job. Improving such mmunities must, of urse, remain the primary responsibility of the people living there and of their States. But a soundly nceived Federal partnership program can be of real assistance to them in their efforts. Highway Legislation. Legislation to provide a modern, interstate highway system is even more urgent this year than last, for months have now passed in which we have fallen further behind in road nstruction needed for the personal safety, the general prosperity, the national security of the American people. During the year, the number of motor vehicles has increased from to million. During the past year over , persons lost their lives in highway accidents, while the fearful toll of injuries and property damage has gone on unabated. In my message of February , , I urged that measures be taken to mplete the vital , mile interstate system over a period of years at an estimated Federal st of approximately billion dollars. No program was adopted. If we are ever to solve our mounting traffic problem, the whole interstate system must be authorized as one project, to be mpleted approximately within the specified time. Only in this way can industry efficiently gear itself to the job ahead. Only in this way can the required planning and engineering be acmplished without the nfusion and waste unavoidable a piecemeal approach. Furthermore, as I pointed out last year, the pressing nature of this problem must not lead us to solutions outside the bounds of sound fiscal management. As in the case of other pressing problems, there must be an adequate plan of financing. To ntinue the drastically needed improvement in other national highway systems, I remmend the ntinuation of the Federal Aid Highway Program. Aside from agriculture and the four subjects specifically mentioned, an integral part of our efforts to foster a strong and expanding free enomy is keeping open the door of opportunity to new and small enterprises, checking monopoly, and preserving a mpetitive environment. In this past year the steady improvement in the enomic health of small business has reinforced the vitality of our mpetitive enomy. We shall ntinue to help small business ncerns to obtain access to adequate financing and to mpetent unsel on management, production, and marketing problems. Through measures already taken, opportunities for smallbusiness participation in government procurement programs, including military procurement, are greatly improved. The effectiveness of these measures will beme increasingly apparent. We shall ntinue to make certain that small business has a fair opportunity to mpete and has an enomic environment in which it may prosper. In my message last year I referred to the appointment of an advisory mmittee to appraise and report to me on the deficiencies as well as the effectiveness of existing Federal transportation policies. I have mmended the fundamental purposes and objectives of the mmittee's report. I earnestly remmend that the Congress give prompt attention to the mmittee's proposals. Essential to a prosperous enomic environment for all business, small and large--for agriculture and industry and mmerce-is efficiency in Government. To that end, exhaustive studies of the entire governmental structure were made by the Commission on Intergovernmental Relations and the Commission on the Organization of the Executive Branch of the Government--the reports of these Commissions are now under intensive review and already in the process of implementation in important areas. One specific and most vital governmental function merits study and action by the Congress. As part of our program of promoting efficiency in Government and getting the fiscal situation in hand, the Post Office Department in the past three years has been overhauled. Nearly one thousand new post offices have been provided. Financial practices have been modernized, and transportation and operating methods are being nstantly improved. A new wage and incentive plan for the half million postal employees has been established. Never before has the postal system handled so much mail so quickly and so enomically. The Post Office Department faces two serious problems. First, much of its physical plant--post offices and other buildings-is obsolete and inadequate. Many new buildings and the modernization of present ones are essential if we are to have improved mail service. The send problem is the Department's fiscal plight. It now faces an annual deficit of one-half billion dollars. Remmendations on postal facilities and on additional postal revenues will be submitted to the Congress. A final nsideration in our program planning is: THE RESPONSE TO HUMAN CONCERNS A fundamental belief shines forth in this Republic. We believe in the worth and dignity of the individual. We know that if we are to govern ourselves wisely--in the tradition of America--we must have the opportunity to develop our individual capacities to the utmost. To fulfill the individual's aspirations in the American way of life, good education is fundamental. Good education is the outgrowth of good homes, good mmunities, good churches, and good schools. Today our schools face pressing problems--problems which will not yield to swift and easy solutions, or to any single action. They will yield only to a ntinuing, active, formed effort by the people toward achieving better schools. This kind of effort has been spurred by the thousands of nferences held in recent months by half a million citizens and educators in all parts of the untry, culminating in the White House Conference on Education. In that Conference, some two thousand delegates, broadly representative of the nation, studied together the problems of the nation's schools. They ncluded that the people of the United States must make a greater effort through their local, State, and Federal Governments to improve the education of our youth. This expression from the people must now be translated into action at all levels of government. So far as the Federal share of responsibility is ncerned, I urge that the Congress move promptly to enact an effective program of Federal assistance to help erase the existing deficit of school classrooms. Such a program, which should be limited to a five-year period, must operate to increase rather than decrease local and State support of schools and to give the greatest help to the States and localities with the least financial resources. Federal aid should in no way jeopardize the freedom of local school systems. There will be presented to the Congress a remmended program of Federal assistance for school nstruction. Such a program should be acmpanied by action to increase services to the nation's schools by the Office of Education and by legislation to provide ntinuation of payments to school districts where Federal activities have impaired the ability of those districts to provide adequate schools. Under the Amendments to the old-age and survivors' insurance program, protection was extended to some million additional workers and benefits were increased. The system now helps protect out of American workers and their families against loss of inme in old age or on the death of the breadwinner. The system is sound. It must be kept so. In developing improvements in the system, we must give the most careful nsideration to population and social trends, and to fiscal requirements. With these nsiderations in mind, the Administration will present its remmendations for further expansion of verage and other steps which can be taken wisely at this time. Other needs in the area of social welfare include increased child welfare services, extension of the program of aid to dependent children, intensified attack on juvenile delinquency, and special attention to the problems of mentally retarded children. The training of more skilled workers for these fields and the quest for new knowledge through research in social welfare are essential. Similarly the problems of our aged people need our attention. The nation has made dramatic progress in nquering disease--progress of profound human significance which can be greatly accelerated by an intensified effort in medical research. A well-supported, well-balanced program of research, including basic research, can open new frontiers of knowledge, prevent and relieve suffering, and prolong life. Acrdingly I shall remmend a substantial increase in Federal funds for the support of such a program. As an integral part of this effort, I shall remmend a new plan to aid nstruction of non-Federal medical research and teaching facilities and to help provide more adequate support for the training of medical research manpower. Finally, we must aid in cushioning the heavy and rising sts of illness and hospitalization to individuals and families. Provision should be made, by Federal reinsurance or otherwise, to foster extension of voluntary health insurance verage to many more persons, especially older persons and those in rural areas. Plans should be evolved to improve protection against the sts of prolonged or severe illness. These measures will help reduce the dollar barrier between many Americans and the benefits of modern medical care. The Administration health program will be submitted to the Congress in detail. The response of government to human ncerns embraces, of urse, other measures of broad public interest, and of special interest to our working men and women. The need still exists for improvement of the Labor Management Relations Act. The remmendations I submitted to the Congress last year take into acunt not only the interests of labor and management but also the public welfare. The needed amendments should be enacted without further delay. We must also carry forward the job of improving the wagehour law. Last year I requested the Congress to broaden the verage of the minimum wage. I repeat that remmendation, and I pledge the full resources of the Executive Branch to assist the Congress in finding ways to attain this goal. Moreover, as requested last year, legislation should be passed to clarify and strengthen the eight-hour laws for the benefit of workers who are subject to Federal wage standards on Federal and Federally assisted nstruction and other public works. The Administration will shortly propose legislation to assure adequate disclosure of the financial affairs of each employee pension and welfare plan and to afford substantial protection to their beneficiaries in acrdance with the objectives outlined in my message of January , . Occupational safety still demands attention, as I pointed out last year, and legislation to improve the Longshoremen's and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act is still needed. The improvement of the District of Columbia Unemployment Insurance Law and legislation to provide employees in the District with non-occupational disability insurance are no less necessary now than months ago. Legislation to apply the principle of equal pay for equal work without discrimination because of sex is a matter of simple justice. I earnestly urge the Congress to move swiftly to implement these needed labor measures. In the field of human needs, we must carry forward the housing program, which is ntributing so greatly to the well-being of our people and the prosperity of our enomy. Home ownership is now advanced to the point where almost three of every five families in our cities, towns, and suburbs own the houses they live in. For the housing program, most of the legislative authority already exists. However, a firm program of public housing is essential until the private building industry has found ways to provide more adequate housing for low-inme families. The Administration will propose authority to ntract for thousand additional public housing units in each of the next fiscal years for mmunities which will participate in an integrated attack on slums and blight. To meet the needs of the growing number of older people, several amendments to the National Housing Act will be proposed to assist the private homebuilding industry as well as charitable and non-profit organizations. With so large a number of the American people desiring to modernize and improve existing dwellings, I remmend that the Title program for permanent improvements in the home be liberalized. I remmend increases in the general FHA mortgage insurance authority; the extension of the FHA military housing program; an increase in the authorization for Urban Planning grants; in the special assistance authority of the Federal National Mortgage Association; and ntinued support of the llege housing program in a way that will not disurage private capital from helping to meet the needs of our lleges. The legislation I have remmended for workers in private industry should be acmpanied by a parallel effort for the welfare of Government employees. We have acmplished much in this field, including a ntributory life insurance program; equitable pay increases and a fringe benefits program, vering many needed personnel policy changes, from improved premium pay to a meaningful incentive award program. Additional personnel management legislation is needed in this Session. As I stated last year, an executive pay increase is essential to efficient governmental management. Such an increase, together with needed adjustments in the pay for the top career positions, is also necessary to the equitable mpletion of the Federal pay program initiated last year. Other legislation will be proposed, including legislation for prepaid group health insurance for employees and their dependents and to effect major improvements in the Civil Service retirement system. All of us share a ntinuing ncern for those who have served this nation in the Armed Forces. The Commission on Veterans Pensions is at this time nducting a study of the entire field of veterans' benefits and will soon submit proposed improvements. We are proud of the progress our people have made in the field of civil rights. In Executive Branch operations throughout the nation, elimination of discrimination and segregation is all but mpleted. Progress is also being made among ntractors engaged in furnishing Government services and requirements. Every citizen now has the opportunity to fit himself for and to hold a position of responsibility in the service of his untry. In the District of Columbia, through the voluntary operation of the people, discrimination and segregation are disappearing from hotels, theaters, restaurants and other facilities. It is disturbing that in some localities allegations persist that Negro citizens are being deprived of their right to vote and are likewise being subjected to unwarranted enomic pressures. I remmend that the substance of these charges be thoroughly examined by a Bipartisan Commission created by the Congress. It is hoped that such a mmission will be established promptly so that it may arrive at findings which can receive early nsideration. The stature of our leadership in the free world has increased through the past three years because we have made more progress than ever before in a similar period to assure our citizens equality in justice, in opportunity and in civil rights. We must expand this effort on every front. We must strive to have every person judged and measured by what he is, rather than by his lor, race or religion. There will soon be remmended to the Congress a program further to advance the efforts of the Government, within the area of Federal responsibility, to acmplish these objectives. One particular challenge nfronts us. In the Hawaiian Islands, East meets West. To the Islands, Asia and Europe and the Western Hemisphere, all the ntinents, have ntributed their peoples and their cultures to display a unique example of a mmunity that is a successful laboratory in human brotherhood. Statehood, supported by the repeatedly expressed desire of the Islands' people and by our traditions, would be a shining example of the American way to the entire earth. Consequently, I urgently request this Congress to grant statehood for Hawaii. Also, in harmony with the provisions I last year mmunicated to the Senate and House Committees on Interior and Insular Affairs, I trust that progress toward statehood for Alaska can be made in this Session. Progress is nstant toward full integration of our Indian citizens into normal mmunity life. During the past two years the Administration has provided school facilities for thousands of Indian children previously denied this opportunity. We must ntinue to meet the needs of increased numbers of Indian children. Provision should also be made for the education of adult Indians whose schooling in earlier years was neglected. In keeping with our responsibility of world leadership and in our own self interest, I again point out to the Congress the urgent need for revision of the immigration and nationality laws. Our nation has always welmed immigrants to our shores. The wisdom of such a policy is clearly shown by the fact that America has been built by immigrants and the descendants of immigrants. That policy must be ntinued realistically with present day nditions in mind. I remmend that the number of persons admitted to this untry annually be based not on the census but on the latest, the census. Provision should be made to allow for greater flexibility in the use of quotas so if one untry does not use its share, the vacancies may be made available for the use of qualified individuals from other untries. The law should be amended to permit the Secretary of State and the Attorney General to waive the requirements of fingerprinting on a reciprocal basis for persons ming to this untry for temporary visits. This and other changes in the law are long overdue and should be taken care of promptly. Detailed remmendations for revision of the immigration laws will be submitted to the Congress. I am happy to report substantial progress in the flow of immigrants under the Refugee Relief Act of ; however, I again request this Congress to approve without further delay the urgently needed amendments to that act which I submitted in the last Session. Because of the high prosperity in Germany and Austria, the number of immigrants from those untries will be reduced. This will make available thousands of unfilled openings which I remmend be distributed to Greece and Italy and to escapees from behind the Iron Curtain. Once again I ask the Congress to join with me in demonstrating our belief in the right of suffrage. I renew my request that the principle of self-government be extended and the right of suffrage granted to the citizens of the District of Columbia. To nclude: the vista before us is bright. The march of science, the expanding enomy, the advance in llective security toward a just peace--in this threefold movement our people are creating new standards by which the future of the Republic may be judged. Progress, however, will be realized only as it is more than matched by a ntinuing growth in the spiritual strength of the nation. Our dedication to moral values must be mplete in our dealings abroad and in our relationships among ourselves. We have single-minded devotion to the mmon good of America. Never must we forget that this means the well-being, the prosperity, the security of all Americans in every walk of life. To the attainment of these objectives, I pledge full energies of the Administration, as in the Session ahead, it works on a program for submission to you, the Congress of the United States. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress: First, I extend rdial greetings to the th Congress. We shall have much to do together; I am sure that we shall get it done--and, that we shall do it in harmony and good will. At the outset, I believe it would be well to remind ourselves of this great fundamental in our national life: our mmon belief that every human being is divinely endowed with dignity and worth and inalienable rights. This faith, with its rollary--that to grow and flourish people must be free--shapes the interests and aspirations of every American. From this deep faith have evolved three main purposes of our Federal Government: First, to maintain justice and freedom among ourselves and to champion them for others so that we may work effectively for enduring peace; Send, to help keep our enomy vigorous and expanding, thus sustaining our international strength and assuring better jobs, better living, better opportunities for every citizen; And third, to ncern ourselves with the human problems of our people so that every American may have the opportunity to lead a healthy, productive and rewarding life. Foremost among these broad purposes of government is our support of freedom, justice and peace. It is of the utmost importance, that each of us understand the true nature of the struggle now taking place in the world. It is not a struggle merely of enomic theories, or of forms of government, or of military power. At issue is the true nature of man. Either man is the creature whom the Psalmist described as a little lower than the angels," crowned with glory and honor, holding dominion over the works" of his Creator; or man is a soulless, animated machine to be enslaved, used and nsumed by the state for its own glorification. It is, therefore, a struggle which goes to the roots of the human spirit, and its shadow falls across the long sweep of man's destiny. This prize, so precious, so fraught with ultimate meaning, is the true object of the ntending forces in the world. In the past year, there has been progress justifying hope, both for ntinuing peace and for the ultimate rule of freedom and justice in the world. Free nations are llectively stronger than at any time in recent years. Just as nations of this Hemisphere, in the historic Caracas and Rio nferences, have closed ranks against imperialistic Communism and strengthened their enomic ties, so free nations elsewhere have forged new bonds of unity. Recent agreements between Turkey and Pakistan have laid a foundation for increased strength in the Middle East. With our understanding support, Egypt and Britain, Yugoslavia and Italy, Britain and Iran have resolved dangerous differences. The security of the Mediterranean has been enhanced by an alliance among Greece, Turkey and Yugoslavia. Agreements in Western Europe have paved the way for unity to replace past divisions which have undermined Europe's enomic and military vitality. The defense of the West appears likely at last to include a free, democratic Germany participating as an equal in the uncils of NATO. In Asia and the Pacific, the pending Manila Pact supplements our treaties with Australia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Korea and Japan and our prospective treaty with the Republic of China. These pacts stand as solemn warning that future military aggression and subversion against the free nations of Asia will meet united response. The Pacific Charter, also adopted at Manila, is a milestone in the development of human freedom and self-government in the Pacific area. Under the auspices of the United Nations, there is promise of progress in our untry's plan for the peaceful use of atomic energy. Finally, today the world is at peace. It is, to be sure, an secure peace. Yet all humanity finds hope in the simple fact that for an appreciable time there has been no active major battlefield on earth. This same fact inspires us to work all the more effectively with other nations for the well-being, the freedom, the dignity, of every human on earth. These developments are heartening indeed, and we are hopeful of ntinuing progress. But sobering problems remain. The massive military machines and ambitions of the Soviet-Communist bloc still create uneasiness in the world. All of us are aware of the ntinuing reliance of the Soviet Communists on military force, of the power of their weapons, of their present resistance to realistic armament limitation, and of their ntinuing effort to dominate or intimidate free nations on their periphery. Their steadily growing power includes an increasing strength in nuclear weapons. This power, mbined with the proclaimed intentions of the Communist leaders to mmunize the world, is the threat nfronting us today. To protect our nations and our peoples from the catastrophe of a nuclear holocaust, free nations must maintain untervailing military power to persuade the Communists of the futility of seeking their ends through aggression. If Communist rulers understand that America's response to aggression will be swift and decisive--that never shall we buy peace at the expense of honor or faith--they will be powerfully deterred from launching a military venture engulfing their own peoples and many others in disaster. This, of urse, is merely world stalemate. But in this stalemate each of us may and must exercise his high duty to strive in every honorable way for enduring peace. "The military threat is but one menace to our freedom and security. We must not only deter aggression; we must also frustrate the effort of Communists to gain their goals by subversion. To this end, free nations must maintain and reinforce their hesion, their internal security, their political and enomic vitality, and their faith in freedom.   In such a world, America's urse is dear:   We must tirelessly labor to make the peace more just and durable." We must strengthen the llective defense under the United Nations Charter and gird ourselves with sufficient military strength and productive capacity to disurage resort to war and protect our nation's vital interests. We must ntinue to support and strengthen the United Nations. At this very moment, by vote of the United Nations General Assembly, its Secretary-General is in Communist China on a mission of deepest ncern to all Americans: seeking the release of our never-to-be-forgotten American aviators and all other United Nations prisoners wrongfully detained by the Communist regime. We must also enurage the efforts being made in the United Nations to limit armaments and to harness the atom to peaceful rise. We must expand international trade and investment and assist friendly nations whose own best efforts are still insufficient to provide the strength essential to the security of the free world. We must be willing to use the processes of negotiation whenever they will advance the cause of just and secure peace to which the United States and other free nations are dedicated. In respect to all these matters, we must, through a vigorous information program, keep the peoples of the world truthfully advised of our actions and purposes. This problem has been attacked with new vigor during the past months. I urge that the Congress give its earnest nsideration to the great advantages that can accrue to our untry through the successful operations of this program. We must also carry forward our educational exchange program. This sharing of knowledge and experience between our citizens and those of free untries is a powerful factor in the development and maintenance of true partnership among free peoples. To advance these many efforts, the Congress must act in this session on appropriations, legislation, and treaties. Today I shall mention especially our foreign enomic and military programs. The recent enomic progress in many free nations has been most heartening. The productivity of labor and the production of goods and services are increasing in ever-widening areas. There is a growing will to improve the living standards of all men. This progress is important to all our people. It promises us allies who are strong and self-reliant; it promises a growing world market for the products of our mines, our factories, and our farms. But only through steady effort can we hope to ntinue this progress. Barriers still impede trade and the flow of capital needed to develop each nation's human and material resources. Wise reduction of these barriers is a long-term objective of our foreign enomic policy--a policy of an evolutionary and selective nature, assuring broad benefits to our own and other peoples. We must gradually reduce certain tariff obstacles to trade. These actions should, of urse, be acmpanied by a similar lowering of trade barriers by other nations, so that we may move steadily toward greater enomic advantage for all. We must further simplify customs administration and procedures. We must facilitate the flow of capital and ntinue technical assistance, both directly and through the United Nations, to less developed untries to strengthen their independence and raise their living standards. Many another step must be taken in and among the nations of the free world to release forces of private initiative. In our own nation, these forces have brought strength and prosperity; once released, they will generate rising inmes in these other untries with which to buy the products of American industry, labor and agriculture. On January , by special message, I shall submit specific remmendations for carrying forward the legislative phases of our foreign enomic policy. Our many efforts to build a better world include the maintenance of our military strength. This is a vast undertaking. Major national security programs nsume two-thirds of the entire Federal budget. Over four million Americans--servicemen and civilians--are on the rolls of the defense establishment. During the past two years, by eliminating duplication and overstaffing, by improved procurement and inventory ntrols, and by ncentrating on the essentials, many billions of dollars have been saved in our defense activities. I should like to mention certain fundamentals underlying this vast program. First, a realistic limitation of armaments and an enduring, just peace remain our national goals; we maintain powerful military forces because there is no present alternative--forces designed for deterrent and defensive purposes alone but able instantly to strike back with destructive power in response to an attack. Send, we must stay alert to the fact that undue reliance on one weapon or preparation for only one kind of warfare simply invites an enemy to resort to another. We must, therefore, keep in our armed forces balance and flexibility adequate for our purposes and objectives. Third, to keep our armed forces abreast of the advances of science, our military planning must be flexible enough to utilize the new weapons and techniques which flow ever more speedily from our research and development programs. The forthming military budget therefore emphasizes modern airpower in the Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps and increases the emphasis on new weapons, especially those of rapid and destructive striking power. It assures the maintenance of effective, retaliatory force as the principal deterrent to overt aggression. It accelerates the ntinental defense program and the build-up of ready military reserve forces. It ntinues a vigorous program of stockpiling strategic and critical materials and strengthening our mobilization base. The budget also ntemplates the strategic ncentration of our strength through redeployment of certain forces. It provides for reduction of forces in certain categories and their expansion in others, to fit them to the military realities of our time. These emphases in our defense planning have been made at my personal direction after long and thoughtful study. In my judgment, they will give our nation a defense accurately adjusted to the national need. Fourth, pending a world agreement on armament limitation, we must ntinue to improve and expand our supplies of nuclear weapons for our land, naval and air forces, while, at the same time, ntinuing our enuraging progress in the peaceful use of atomic power. And fifth, in the administration of these stly programs, we must demand the utmost in efficiency and ingenuity. We must assure our people not only of adequate protection but also of a defense that can be carried forward from year to year until the threat of aggression has disappeared. To help maintain this kind of armed strength and improve its efficiency, I must urge the enactment of several important measures in this session. The first ncerns the selective service act which expires next June th. For the foreseeable future, our standing forces must remain much larger than voluntary methods can sustain. We must, therefore, extend the statutory authority to induct men for two years of military service. The send kind of measure ncerns the rapid turnover of our most experienced servicemen. This process seriously weakens the mbat readiness of our armed forces and is exorbitantly expensive. To enurage more trained servicemen to remain in uniform, I shall, on the thirteenth of this month, propose a number of measures to increase the attractions of a military career. These measures will include more adequate medical care for dependents, survivors' benefits, more and better housing, and selective adjustments in military pay and other allowances. And third--also on January --I shall present a program to rebuild and strengthen the civilian mponents of our armed forces. This is a mprehensive program, designed to make better use of our manpower of military age. Because it will go far in assuring fair and equitable participation in military training and service, it is of particular importance to our mbat veterans. In keeping with the historic military policy of our Republic, this program is designed to build and maintain powerful civilian reserves immediately capable of effective military service in an emergency in lieu of maintaining active duty forces in excess of the nation's immediate need. Maintenance of an effective defense requires ntinuance of our aggressive attack on subversion at home. In this effort we have, in the past two years, made excellent progress. FBI investigations have been powerfully reinforced by a new Internal Security Division in the Department of Justice; the security activities of the Immigration and Naturalization Service have been revitalized; an improved and strengthened security system is in effect throughout the government; the Department of Justice and the FBI have been armed with effective new legal weapons forged by the rd Congress. We shall ntinue to ferret out and to destroy Communist subversion. We shall, in the process, carefully preserve our traditions and the basic rights of our citizens. Our civil defense program is also a key element in the protection of our untry. We are developing operative methods with State Governors, Mayors, and voluntary citizen groups, as well as among Federal agencies, in building the civil defense organization. Its significance in time of war is obvious; its swift assistance in disaster areas last year proved its importance in time of peace. An industry capable of rapid expansion and essential materials and facilities swiftly available in time of emergency are indispensable to our defense. I urge, therefore, a two-year extension of the Defense Production Act and Title II of the First War Powers Act of . These are rnerstones of our program for the development and maintenance of an adequate mobilization base. At this point, I should like to make this additional observation. Our quest for peace and freedom necessarily presumes that we who hold positions of public trust must rise above self and section--that we must subordinate to the general good our partisan, our personal pride and prejudice. Tirelessly, with united purpose, we must fortify the material and spiritual foundations of this land of freedom and of free nations throughout the world. As never before, there is need for unhesitating operation among the branches of our government. At this time the executive and legislative branches are under the management of different political parties. This fact places both parties on trial before the American people. In less perilous days of the past, division of governmental responsibility among our great parties has produced a paralyzing indecision. We must not let this happen in our time. We must avoid a paralysis of the will for peace and international security. In the traditionally bipartisan areas--military security and foreign relations--I can report to you that I have already, with the leaders of this Congress, expressed assurances of unreserved operation. Yet, the strength of our untry requires more than mere maintenance of military strength and success in foreign affairs; these vital matters are in turn dependent upon ncerted and vigorous action in a number of supporting programs. I say, therefore, to the th Congress: In all areas basic to the strength of America, there will be--to the extent I can insure them--operative, nstructive relations between the Executive and Legislative Branches of this government. Let the general good be our yardstick on every great issue of our time. Our efforts to defend our freedom and to secure a just peace are, of urse, inseparable from the send great purpose of our government: to help maintain a strong, growing enomy--an enomy vigorous and free, in which there are ever-increasing opportunities, just rewards for effort, and a stable prosperity that is widely shared. In the past two years, many important governmental Actions helped our enomy adjust to nditions of peace; these and other actions created a climate for renewed enomic growth. Controls were removed from wages, prices and materials. Tax revisions enuraged increased private spending and employment. Federal expenditures were sharply reduced, making possible a rerd tax cut. These actions, together with flexible monetary and debt management policies, helped to halt inflation and stabilize the value of the dollar. A program of operation and partnership in resource development was begun. Social security and unemployment insurance laws were broadened and strengthened. New laws started the long process of balancing farm production with farm markets. Expanded shipbuilding and stockpiling programs strengthened key sectors of the enomy, while improving our mobilization base. A mprehensive new housing law brought impressive progress in an area fundamental to our enomic strength and closed loopholes in the old laws permitting dishonest manipulation. Many of these programs are just beginning to exert their main stimulating effect upon the enomy generally and upon specific mmunities and industries throughout the untry. The past year----was one of the most prosperous years in our history. Business activity now surges with new strength. Production is rising. Employment is high. Toward the end of last year average weekly wages in manufacturing were higher than ever before. Personal inme after taxes is at a rerd level. So is nsumer spending. Construction activity is reaching new peaks. Export demand for our goods is strong. State and local government expenditures on public works are rising. Savings are high, and credit is readily available. "So, today, the transition to a peacetime enomy is largely behind us.   The enomic outlook is good." The many promising factors I have mentioned do not guarantee sustained enomic expansion; however, they do give us a strong position from which to carry forward our enomic growth. If we as a people act wisely, within ten years our annual national output can rise from its present level of about billion to billion, measured in dollars of stable buying power. My Budget Message on January , the Enomic Report on the th of this month, and several special messages will set forth in detail major programs to foster the growth of our enomy and to protect the integrity of the people's money. Today I shall discuss these programs only in general terms. Government efficiency and enomy remain essential to steady progress toward a balanced budget. More than ten billion dollars were cut from the spending program proposed in the budget of January , . Expenditures of that year were six and a half billion below those of the previous year. In the current fiscal year, government spending will be nearly four and a half billion dollars less than in the fiscal year which ended last June . New spending authority has been held below expenditures, reducing government obligations accumulated over the years. Last year we had a large tax cut and, for the first time in seventy-five years a basic revision of Federal tax laws. It is now clear that defense and other essential government sts must remain at a level precluding further tax reductions this year. Although excise and rporation inme taxes must, therefore, be ntinued at their present rates, further tax cuts will be possible when justified by lower expenditures and by revenue increases arising from the nation's enomic growth. I am hopeful that such reductions can be made next year. At the foundation of our enomic growth are the raw materials and energy produced from our minerals and fuels, lands and forests, and water resources. With respect to them, I believe that the nation must adhere to three fundamental policies: first, to develop, wisely use and nserve basic resources from generation to generation; send, to follow the historic pattern of developing these resources primarily by private citizens under fair provisions of law, including restraints for proper nservation; and third, to treat resource development as a partnership undertaking--a partnership in which the participation of private citizens and State and local governments is as necessary as Federal participation. This policy of partnership and operation is producing good results, most immediately noticeable in respect to water resources. First, it has enuraged local public bodies and private citizens to plan their own power sources. Increasing numbers of applications to the Federal Power Commission to nduct surveys and prepare plans for power development, notably in the Columbia River Basin, are evidence of local response. Send, the Federal Government and local and private organizations have been enuraged to ordinate their developments. This is important because Federal hydroelectric developments supply but a small fraction of the nation's power needs. Such partnership projects as Priest Rapids in Washington, the Coosa River development in Alabama, and Markham Ferry in Oklahoma already have the approval of the Congress. This year justifiable projects of a similar nature will again have Administration support. Third, the Federal Government must shoulder its own partnership obligations by undertaking projects of such mplexity and size that their success requires Federal development. In keeping with this principle, I again urge the Congress to approve the development of the Upper Colorado River Basin to nserve and assure better use of precious water essential to the future of the West. In addition, the budget will remmend appropriations to start six new reclamation and more than thirty new Corps of Engineers projects of varying size. Going projects and investigations of potential new resource developments will be ntinued. Although this partnership approach is producing enuraging results, its full success requires a nation-wide mprehensive water resources policy firmly based in law. Such a policy is under preparation and when mpleted will be submitted to the Congress. In the interest of their proper nservation, development and use, ntinued vigilance will be maintained over our fisheries, wildlife resources, the national parks and forests, and the public lands; and we shall ntinue to enurage an orderly development of the nation's mineral resources. A modern, efficient highway system is essential to meet the needs of our growing population, our expanding enomy, and our national security. We are accelerating our highway improvement program as rapidly as possible under existing State and Federal laws and authorizations. However, this effort will not in itself assure our people of an adequate highway system. On my remmendation, this problem has been carefully nsidered by the Conference of State Governors and by a special Advisory Committee on a National Highway Program, mposed of leading private citizens. I have received the remmendations of the Governors' Conference and will shortly receive the views of the special Advisory Committee. Aided by their findings, I shall submit on January th detailed remmendations which will meet our most pressing national highway needs. In further regnition of the importance of transportation to our enomic strength and security, the Administration, through a Cabinet mmittee, is thoroughly examining existing Federal transportation policies to determine their effect on the adequacy of transportation services. This is the first such mprehensive review directly undertaken by the Executive Branch of the government in modern times. We are not only examining major problems facing the various modes of transport; we are also studying closely the inter-relationships of civilian and government requirements for transportation. Legislation will be remmended to rrect policy deficiencies which we may find. The nation's public works activities are tremendous in spe. It is expected that more than billion will be expended in for the development of land, water and other resources; ntrol of floods, and navigation and harbor improvements; nstruction of roads, schools, and municipal water supplies, and disposal of domestic and industrial wastes. Many of the Federal, State and local agencies responsible for this work are, in their separate capacities, highly efficient. But public works activities are closely inter-related and have a substantial influence on the growth of the untry. Moreover, in times of threatening enomic ntraction, they may beme a valuable sustaining force. To these ends, efficient planning and execution of the nation's public works require both the ordination of Federal activities and effective operation with State and local governments. The Council of Enomic Advisers, through its public works planning section, has made important advances during the past year in effecting this ordination and operation. In view of the success of these initial efforts, and to give more emphasis and ntinuity to this essential ordination, I shall request the Congress to appropriate funds for the support of an Office of Coordinator of Public Works in the Executive Office of the President. A most significant element in our growing enomy is an agriculture that is stable, prosperous and free. The problems of our agriculture have evolved over many years and cannot be solved overnight; nevertheless, governmental actions last year hold great promise of fostering a better balance between production and markets and, nsequently, a better and more stable inme for our farmers. Through vigorous administration and through new authority provided by the rd Congress, surplus farm products are now moving into nsumption. From February through November , the rate of increase of government-held surpluses has been reduced by our moving into use more than . billion dollars' worth of government-owned farm mmodities; this amount is equal to more than seven percent of a year's production of all our farms and ranches. Domestic nsumption remains high, and farm exports will be higher than last year. As a result of the flexibility provided by the Agricultural Act of , we can move toward less restrictive acreage ntrols. Thus, farm production is gradually adjusting to markets, markets are being expanded, and stocks are moving into use. We can now look forward to an easing of the influences depressing farm prices, to reduced government expenditures for purchase of surplus products, and to less Federal intrusion into the lives and plans of our farm people. Agricultural programs have been redirected toward better balance, greater stability and sustained prosperity. We are headed in the right direction. I urgently remmend to the Congress that we ntinue resolutely on this road. Greater attention must be directed to the needs of low-inme farm families. Twenty-eight per cent of our farm-operator families have net cash inmes of less than , per year. Last year, at my request, careful studies were made of the problems of these farm people. I shall later submit remmendations designed to assure the steady alleviation of their most pressing ncerns. Because drought also remains a serious agricultural problem, I shall remmend legislation to strengthen Federal disaster assistance programs. This legislation will prescribe an improved appraisal of need, better adjustment of the various programs to local nditions, and a more equitable sharing of sts between the States and the Federal Government. The prosperity of our small business enterprises is an indispensable element in the maintenance of our enomic strength. Creation of the Small Business Administration and recently enacted tax laws facilitating small business expansion are but two of many important steps we have taken to enurage our smaller enterprises. I remmend that the Congress extend the Small Business Act of which is due to expire next June. We me now to the third great purpose of our government-its ncern for the health, productivity and well-being of all our people. Every citizen wants to give full expression to his God-given talents and abilities and to have the regnition and respect acrded under our religious and political traditions. Americans also want a good material standard of living--not simply to accumulate possessions, but to fulfill a legitimate aspiration for an environment in which their families may live meaningful and happy lives. Our people are mmitted, therefore, to the creation and preservation of opportunity for every citizen to lead a more rewarding life. They are equally mmitted to the alleviation of misfortune and distress among their fellow citizens. The aspirations of most of our people can best be fulfilled through their own enterprise and initiative, without government interference. This Administration, therefore, follows two simple rules: first, the Federal Government should perform an essential task only when it cannot otherwise be adequately performed; and send, in performing that task, our government must not impair the self-respect, freedom and incentive of the individual. So long as these two rules are observed, the government can fully meet its obligation without creating a dependent population or a domineering bureaucracy. During the past two years, notable advances were made in these functions of government. Protection of old-age and survivors' insurance was extended to an additional ten million of our people, and the benefits were substantially increased. Legislation was enacted to provide unemployment insurance protection to some four million additional Americans. Stabilization of living sts and the halting of inflation protected the value of pensions and savings. A broad program now helps to bring good homes within the reach of the great majority of our people. With the States, we are providing rehabilitation facilities and more clinics, hospitals, and nursing homes for patients with chronic illnesses. Also with the States, we have begun a great and fruitful expansion in the restoration of disabled persons to employment and useful lives. In the areas of Federal responsibility, we have made historic progress in eliminating from among our people demeaning practices based on race or lor. All of us may be proud of these achievements during the past two years. Yet essential Federal tasks remain to be done. As part of our efforts to provide decent, safe and sanitary housing for low-inme families, we must carry forward the housing program authorized during the rd Congress. We must also authorize ntracts for a firm program of , additional public housing units in each of the next two fiscal years. This program will meet the most pressing obligations of the Federal Government into the fiscal year for planning and building public housing. By that time the private building industry, aided by the Housing Act of , will have had the opportunity to assume its full role in providing adequate housing for our low inme families. The health of our people is one of our most precious assets. Preventable sickness should be prevented; knowledge available to mbat disease and disability should be fully used. Otherwise, we as a people are guilty not only of neglect of human suffering but also of wasting our national strength. Constant advances in medical care are not available to enough of our citizens. Clearly our nation must do more to reduce the impact of accident and disease. Two fundamental problems nfront us: first, high and ever-rising sts of health services; send, serious gaps and shortages in these services. By special message on January , I shall propose a ordinated program to strengthen and improve existing health services. This program will ntinue to reject socialized medicine. It will emphasize individual and local responsibility. Under it the Federal Government will neither dominate nor direct, but serve as a helpful partner. Within this framework, the program can be broad in spe. "My remmendations will include a Federal health reinsurance service to enurage the development of more and better voluntary health insurance verage by private organizations. I shall also remmend measures to improve the medical care of that group of our citizens who, because of need, receive Federal-State public assistance. These two proposals will help more of our people to meet the sts of health services.   To reduce the gaps in these services, I shall propose:" "New measures to facilitate nstruction of needed health facilities and help reduce shortages of trained health personnel;   Vigorous steps to mbat the misery and national loss involved in mental illness;   Improved services for crippled children and for maternal and child health;" "Better nsumer protection under our existing pure food and drug laws; and, finally,   Strengthened programs to mbat the increasingly serious pollution of our rivers and streams and the growing problem of air pollution." These measures together nstitute a mprehensive program holding rich promise for better health for all of our people. Last year's expansion of social security verage and our new program of improved medical care for public assistance recipients together suggest modification of the formula for Federal sharing in old age assistance payments. I remmend modification of the formula where such payments will, in the future, supplement benefits received under the old age and survivors insurance system. It is the inalienable right of every person, from childhood on, to have access to knowledge. In our form of society, this right of the individual takes on a special meaning, for the education of all our citizens is imperative to the maintenance and invigoration of America's free institutions. Today, we face grave educational problems. Effective and up-to-date analyses of these problems and their solutions are being carried forward through the individual State nferences and the White House Conference to be mpleted this year. However, such factors as population growth, additional responsibilities of schools, and increased and longer school attendance have produced an unprecedented classroom shortage. This shortage is of immediate ncern to all of our people. Positive, affirmative action must be taken now. Without impairing in any way the responsibilities of our States, localities, mmunities, or families, the Federal government can and should serve as an effective-catalyst in dealing with this problem. I shall forward a special message to the Congress on February , presenting an affirmative program dealing with this shortage. To help the States do a better and more timely job, we must strengthen their resources for preventing and dealing with juvenile delinquency. I shall propose Federal legislation to assist the States to promote ncerted action in dealing with this nationwide problem. I shall carry forward the vigorous efforts of the Administration to improve the international ntrol of the traffic in nartics and, in operation with State and local agencies, to mbat nartic addiction in our untry. I should like to speak now of additional matters of importance to all our people and especially to our wage earners. During the past year certain industrial changes and the readjustment of the enomy to nditions of peace brought unemployment and other difficulties to various localities and industries. These problems are engaging our most earnest attention. But for the overwhelming majority of our working people, the past year has meant good jobs. Moreover, the earnings and savings of our wage earners are no longer depreciating in value. Because of operative relations between labor and management, fewer working days were lost through strikes in than in any year in the past decade. The outlook for our wage earners can be made still more promising by several legislative actions. First, in the past five years we have had enomic growth which will support an increase in the Federal minimum wage. In the light of present enomic nditions, I remmend its increase to ninety cents an hour. I also remmend that many others, at present excluded, be given the protection of a minimum wage. Send, I renew my remmendation of last year for amendment of the Labor Management Relations Act of to further the basic objectives of this statute. I especially call to the attention of the Congress amendments dealing with the right of enomic strikers to vote in representation elections and the need for equalizing the obligation under the Act to file disclaimers of Communist affiliation. Third, the Administration will propose other important measures including occupational safety, workmen's mpensation for longshoremen and harbor workers, and the Eight Hour Laws" applicable to Federal ntractors. Legislation will also be proposed respecting nonoccupational disability insurance and unemployment mpensation in the District of Columbia. In nsidering human needs, the Federal Government must take special responsibility for citizens in its direct employ. On January I shall propose a pay adjustment plan for civilian employees outside the Postal Field Service to rrect inequities and increase individual pay rates. I shall also remmend voluntary health insurance on a ntributory basis for Federal employees and their dependents. In keeping with the Group Life Insurance Act passed in the rd Congress, this protection should be provided on the group insurance principle and purchased from private facilities. Also on January I shall remmend a modern pay plan, including pay increases, for postal field employees. As part of this program, and to carry forward our progress toward elimination of the large annual postal deficit. I shall renew my request for an increase in postal rates. Again I urge that in the future the fixing of rates be delegated to an impartial, independent body. More adequate training programs to equip career employees of the government to render improved public service will be remmended, as will improvements in the laws affecting employees serving on foreign assignments. Needed improvements in survivor, disability, and retirement benefits for Federal civilian and military personnel have been extensively nsidered by the Committee on Retirement Policy for Federal personnel. The Committee's proposals would strengthen and improve benefits for our career people in government, and I endorse their broad objectives. Full ntributory verage under old-age and survivors' insurance should be made available to all Federal personnel, just as in private industry. For career military personnel, the protection of the old-age and survivors' insurance system would be an important and long-needed addition, especially to their present unequal and inadequate survivorship protection. The military retirement pay system should remain separate and unchanged. Certain adjustments in the present civilian personnel retirement systems will be needed to reflect the additional protection of old-age and survivors' insurance. However, these systems also are a basic part of a total mpensation and should be separately and independently retained. I also urge the Congress to approve a long overdue increase in the salaries of Members of the Congress and of the Federal judiciary to a level mmensurate with their heavy responsibilities. Our ncern for the individual in our untry requires that we nsider several additional problems. We must ntinue our program to help our Indian citizens improve their lot and make their full ntribution to national life. Two years ago I advised the Congress of injustices under existing immigration laws. Through humane administration, the Department of Justice is doing what it legally can to alleviate hardships. Clearance of aliens before arrival has been initiated, and except for criminal offenders, the imprisonment of aliens awaiting admission or deportation has been stopped. Certain provisions of law, however, have the effect of mpelling action in respect to aliens which are inequitable in some instances and discriminatory in others. These provisions should be rrected in this session of the Congress. As the mplex problems of Alaska are resolved, that Territory should expect to achieve statehood. In the meantime, there is no justification for deferring the admission to statehood of Hawaii. I again urge approval of this measure. We have three splendid opportunities to demonstrate the strength of our belief in the right of suffrage. First, I again urge that a Constitutional amendment be submitted to the States to reduce the voting age for Federal elections. Send, I renew my request that the principle of self-government be extended and the right of suffrage granted to the citizens of the District of Columbia. Third, I again remmend that we work with the States to preserve the voting fights of citizens in the nation's service overseas. In our determination to keep faith with those who in the past have met the highest call of citizenship, we now have under study the system of benefits for veterans and for surviving dependents of deceased veterans and servicemen. Studies will be undertaken to determine the need for measures to ease the readjustment to civilian life of men required to enter the armed forces for two years of service. In the advancement of the various activities which will make our civilization endure and flourish, the Federal Government should do more to give official regnition to the importance of the arts and other cultural activities. I shall remmend the establishment of a Federal Advisory Commission on the Arts within the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, to advise the Federal Government on ways to enurage artistic endeavor and appreciation. I shall also propose that awards of merit be established whereby we can honor our fellow citizens who make great ntribution to the advancement of our civilization. Every citizen rightly expects efficient and enomical administration of these many government programs I have outlined today. I strongly remmend extension of the Reorganization Act and the law establishing the Commission on Intergovernmental Relations, both of which expire this spring. Thus the Congress will assure ntinuation of the excellent progress recently made in improving government organization and administration. In this nnection we are looking forward with great interest to the reports which will soon be going to the Congress from the Commission on Organization of the Executive Branch of the Government. I am sure that these studies, made under the chairmanship of former President Herbert Hoover with the assistance of more than two hundred distinguished citizens, will be of great value in paving the way toward more efficiency and enomy in the government. "And now, I return to the point at which I began--the faith of our people.   The many programs here summarized are, I believe, in full keeping with their needs, interests and aspirations. The obligations upon us are clear:" "To labor earnestly, patiently, prayerfully, for peace, for freedom, for justice, throughout the world;   To keep our enomy vigorous and free, that our people may lead fuller, happier lives;" "To advance, not merely by our words but by our acts, the determination of our government that every citizen shall have opportunity to develop to his fullest capacity.   As we do these things, before us is a future filled with opportunity and hope. That future will be ours if in our time we keep alive the patience, the urage, the nfidence in tomorrow, the deep faith, of the millions who, in years past, made and preserved us this nation." A decade ago, in the death and desolation of European battlefields, I saw the urage and resolution, I felt the inspiration, of American youth. In these young men I felt America's buoyant nfidence and irresistible will-to-do. In them I saw, too, a devout America, humble before God. And so, I know with all my heart--and I deeply believe that all Americans know--that, despite the anxieties of this divided world, our faith, and the cause in which we all believe, will surely prevail. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Eighty-third Congress: It is a high honor again to present to the Congress my views on the state of the Union and to remmend measures to advance the security, prosperity, and well-being of the American people. All branches of this Government--and I venture to say both of our great parties--can support the general objective of the remmendations I make today, for that objective is the building of a stronger America. A nation whose every citizen has good reason for bold hope; where effort is rewarded and prosperity is shared; where freedom expands and peace is secure--that is what I mean by a stronger America. Toward this objective a real momentum has been developed during this Administration's first year in office. We mean to ntinue that momentum and to increase it. We mean to build a better future for this nation. Much for which we may be thankful has happened during the past year. First of all we are deeply grateful that our sons no longer die on the distant mountains of Korea. Although they are still called from our homes to military service, they are no longer called to the field of battle. The nation has just mpleted the most prosperous year in its history. The damaging effect of inflation on the wages, pensions, salaries and savings of us all has been brought under ntrol. Taxes have begun to go down. The st of our government has been reduced and its work proceeds with some , fewer employees; thus the disuraging trend of modern governments toward their own limitless expansion has in our case been reversed. The st of armaments bemes less oppressive as we near our defense goals; yet we are militarily stronger every day. During the year, creation of the new Cabinet Department of Health, Education, and Welfare symbolized the government's permanent ncern with the human problems of our citizens. Segregation in the armed forces and other Federal activities is on the way out. We have also made progress toward its elimination in the District of Columbia. These are steps in the ntinuing effort to eliminate inter-racial difficulty. Some developments beyond our shores have been equally enuraging. Communist aggression, halted in Korea, ntinues to meet in Indo-china the vigorous resistance of France and the Associated States, assisted by timely aid from our untry. In West Germany, in Iran, and in other areas of the world, heartening political victories have been won by the forces of stability and freedom. Slowly but surely, the free world gathers strength. Meanwhile, from behind the iron curtain, there are signs that tyranny is in trouble and reminders that its structure is as brittle as its surface is hard. There has been in fact a great strategic change in the world during the past year. That precious intangible, the initiative, is beming ours. Our policy, not limited to mere reaction against crises provoked by others, is free to develop along lines of our choice not only abroad, but also at home. As a major theme for American policy during the ming year, let our joint determination be to hold this new initiative and to use it. We shall use this initiative to promote three broad purposes: First, to protect the freedom of our people; send, to maintain a strong, growing enomy; third, to ncern ourselves with the human problems of the individual citizen. Only by active ncern for each of these purposes can we be sure that we are on the forward road to a better and a stronger America. All my remmendations today are in furtherance of these three purposes. I. FOREIGN AFFAIRS American freedom is threatened so long as the world Communist nspiracy exists in its present spe, power and hostility. More closely than ever before, American freedom is interlocked with the freedom of other people. In the unity of the free world lies our best chance to reduce the Communist threat without war. In the task of maintaining this unity and strengthening all its parts, the greatest responsibility falls naturally on those who, like ourselves, retain the most freedom and strength. We shall, therefore, ntinue to advance the cause of freedom on foreign fronts. In the Far East, we retain our vital interest in Korea. We have negotiated with the Republic of Korea a mutual security pact, which develops our security system for the Pacific and which I shall promptly submit to the Senate for its nsent to ratification. We are prepared to meet any renewal of armed aggression in Korea. We shall maintain indefinitely our bases in Okinawa. I shall ask the Congress to authorize ntinued material assistance to hasten the successful nclusion of the struggle in Indo-china. This assistance will also bring closer the day when the Associated States may enjoy the independence already assured by France. We shall also ntinue military and enomic aid to the Nationalist Government of China. In South Asia, profound changes are taking place in free nations which are demonstrating their ability to progress through democratic methods. They provide an inspiring ntrast to the dictatorial methods and backward urse of events in Communist China. In these ntinuing efforts, the free peoples of South Asia can be assured of the support of the United States. In the Middle East, where tensions and serious problems exist, we will show sympathetic and impartial friendship. In Western Europe our policy rests firmly on the North Atlantic Treaty. It will remain so based as far ahead as we can see. Within its organization, the building of a united European mmunity, including France and Germany, is vital to a free and self-reliant Europe. This will be promoted by the European Defense Community which offers assurance of European security. With the ming of unity to Western Europe, the assistance this Nation can render for the security of Europe and the free world will be multiplied in effectiveness. In the Western Hemisphere we shall ntinue to develop harmonious and mutually beneficial operation with our neighbors. Indeed, solid friendship with all our American neighbors is a rnerstone of our entire policy. In the world as a whole, the United Nations, admittedly still in a state of evolution, means much to the United States. It has given uniquely valuable services in many places where violence threatened. It is the only real world forum where we have the opportunity for international presentation and rebuttal. It is a place where the nations of the world can, if they have the will, take llective action for peace and justice. It is a place where the guilt can be squarely assigned to those who fail to take all necessary steps to keep the peace. The United Nations deserves our ntinued firm support. FOREIGN ASSISTANCE AND TRADE In the practical application of our foreign policy, we enter the field of foreign assistance and trade. Military assistance must be ntinued. Technical assistance must be maintained. Enomic assistance can be reduced. However, our enomic programs in Korea and in a few other critical places of the world are especially important, and I shall ask Congress to ntinue them in the next fiscal year. The forthming Budget Message will propose maintenance of the Presidential power of transferability of all assistance funds and will ask authority to merge these funds with the regular defense funds. It will also propose that the Secretary of Defense have primary responsibility for the administration of foreign military assistance in acrdance with the policy guidance of the Secretary of State. The fact that we can now reduce our foreign enomic assistance in many areas is gratifying evidence that its objectives are being achieved. By ntinuing to surpass her prewar levels of enomic activity, Western Europe gains self-reliance. Thus our relationship enters a new phase which can bring results beneficial to our taxpayers and our allies alike, if still another step is taken. This step is the creation of a healthier and freer system of trade and payments within the free world--a system in which our allies can earn their own way and our own enomy can ntinue to flourish. The free world can no longer afford the kinds of arbitrary restraints on trade that have ntinued ever since the war. On this problem I shall submit to the Congress detailed remmendations, after our Joint Commission on Foreign Enomic Policy has made its report. ATOMIC ENERGY PROPOSAL As we maintain our military strength during the ming year and draw closer the bonds with our allies, we shall be in an improved position to discuss outstanding issues with the Soviet Union. Indeed we shall be glad to do so whenever there is a reasonable prospect of nstructive results. In this spirit the atomic energy proposals of the United States were recently presented to the United Nations General Assembly. A truly nstructive Soviet reaction will make possible a new start toward an era of peace, and away from the fatal road toward atomic war. DEFENSE Since our hope is peace, we owe ourselves and the world a candid explanation of the military measures we are taking to make that peace secure. As we enter this new year, our military power ntinues to grow. This power is for our own defense and to deter aggression. We shall not be aggressors, but we and our allies have and will maintain a massive capability to strike back. Here are some of the nsiderations in our defense planning: First, while determined to use atomic power to serve the usages of peace, we take into full acunt our great and growing number of nuclear weapons and the most effective means of using them against an aggressor if they are needed to preserve our freedom. Our defense will be stronger if, under appropriate security safeguards, we share with our allies certain knowledge of the tactical use of our nuclear weapons. I urge the Congress to provide the needed authority. Send, the usefulness of these new weapons creates new relationships between men and materials. These new relationships permit enomies in the use of men as we build forces suited to our situation in the world today. As will be seen from the Budget Message on January , the airpower of our Navy and Air Force is receiving heavy emphasis. Third, our armed forces must regain maximum mobility of action. Our strategic reserves must be centrally placed and readily deployable to meet sudden aggression against ourselves and our allies. Fourth, our defense must rest on trained manpower and its most enomical and mobile use. A professional rps is the heart of any security organization. It is necessarily the teacher and leader of those who serve temporarily in the discharge of the obligation to help defend the Republic. Pay alone will not retain in the career service of our armed forces the necessary numbers of long-term personnel. I strongly urge, therefore, a more generous use of other benefits important to service morale. Among these are more adequate living quarters and family housing units and medical care for dependents. Studies of military manpower have just been mpleted by the National Security Training Commission and a Committee appointed by the Director of the Office of Defense Mobilization. Evident weaknesses exist in the state of readiness and organization of our reserve forces. Measures to rrect these weaknesses will be later submitted to the Congress. Fifth, the ability to nvert swiftly from partial to all-out mobilization is imperative to our security. For the first time, mobilization officials know what the requirements are for , major items needed for military uses. These data, now being related to civilian requirements and our supply potential, will show us the gaps in our mobilization base. Thus we shall have more realistic plant-expansion and stockpiling goals. We shall speed their attainment. This Nation is at last to have an up-to-date mobilization base--the foundation of a sound defense program. Another part of this foundation is, of urse, our ntinental transport system. Some of our vital heavy materials me increasingly from Canada. Indeed our relations with Canada, happily always close, involve more and more the unbreakable ties of strategic interdependence. Both nations now need the St. Lawrence Seaway for security as well as for enomic reasons. I urge the Congress promptly to approve our participation in its nstruction. Sixth, military and non-military measures for ntinental defense must be and are being strengthened. In the current fiscal year we are allocating to these purposes an increasing portion of our effort, and in the next fiscal year we shall spend nearly a billion dollars more for them than in . An indispensable part of our ntinental security is our civil defense effort. This will succeed only as we have the mplete operation of State Governors, Mayors, and voluntary citizen groups. With their help we can advance a operative program which, if an attack should me, would save many lives and lessen destruction. The defense program remmended in the Budget is nsistent with all of the nsiderations which I have just discussed. It is based on a new military program unanimously remmended by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and approved by me following nsideration by the National Security Council. This new program will make and keep America strong in an age of peril. Nothing should bar its attainment. The international and defense policies which I have outlined will enable us to negotiate from a position of strength as we hold our resolute urse toward a peaceful world. We now turn to matters which are normally characterized as domestic, well realizing that what we do abroad affects every problem at home--from the amount of taxes to our very state of mind. INTERNAL SECURITY Under the standards established for the new employee security program, more than , employees have been separated from the Federal government. Our national security demands that the investigation of new employees and the evaluation of derogatory information respecting present employees be expedited and ncluded at the earliest possible date. I shall remmend that the Congress provide additional funds where necessary to speed these important procedures. From the special employment standards of the Federal government I turn now to a matter relating to American citizenship. The subversive character of the Communist Party in the United States has been clearly demonstrated in many ways, including urt proceedings. We should regnize by law a fact that is plain to all thoughtful citizens-that we are dealing here with actions akin to treason--that when a citizen knowingly participates in the Communist nspiracy he no longer holds allegiance to the United States. I remmend that Congress enact legislation to provide that a citizen of the United States who is nvicted in the urts of hereafter nspiring to advocate the overthrow of this government by force or violence be treated as having, by such act, renounced his allegiance to the United States and forfeited his United States citizenship. In addition, the Attorney General will soon appear before your Committees to present his remmendations for needed additional legal weapons with which to mbat subversion in our untry and to deal with the question of claimed immunity. II. STRONG ECONOMY I turn now to the send great purpose of our government: Along with the protection of freedom, the maintenance of a strong and growing enomy. The American enomy is one of the wonders of the world. It undergirds our international position, our military security, and the standard of living of every citizen. This Administration is determined to keep our enomy strong and to keep it growing. At this moment we are in transition from a wartime to a peacetime enomy. I am nfident that we can mplete this transition without serious interruption in our enomic growth. But we shall not leave this vital matter to chance. Enomic preparedness is fully as important to the nation as military preparedness. Subsequent special messages and the enomic report on January will set forth plans of the Administration and its remmendations for Congressional action. These will include flexible credit and debt management policies; tax measures to stimulate nsumer and business spending; suitable lending, guaranteeing, insuring, and grant-in-aid activities; strengthened old-age and unemployment insurance measures; improved agricultural programs; public-works plans laid well in advance; enlarged opportunities for international trade and investment. This mere enumeration of these subjects implies the vast amount of study, ordination, and planning, to say nothing of authorizing legislation, that altogether make our enomic preparedness mplete. If new nditions arise that require additional administrative or legislative action, the Administration will still be ready. A government always ready, as this is, to take well-timed and vigorous action, and a business mmunity willing, as ours is, to plan boldly and with nfidence, can between them develop a climate assuring steady enomic growth. THE BUDGET I shall submit to the Congress on January the first budget prepared by this Administration, for the period July , , through June . This budget is adequate to the current needs of the government. It regnizes that a Federal budget should be a stabilizing factor in the enomy. Its tax and expenditure programs will foster individual initiative and enomic growth. Pending the transmittal of my Budget Message, I shall mention here only a few points about our budgetary situation. First, one of our initial acts was to revise, with the operation of the Congress, the Budget prepared before this Administration took office. Requests for new appropriations were greatly reduced. In addition, the spending level provided in that Budget for the current fiscal year has been reduced by about ,,,. In the next fiscal year we estimate a further reduction in expenditures of more than ,,,. This will reduce the spending level over the two fiscal years by more than ,,,. We are also reducing further our requests for new appropriations. Send, despite the substantial loss of revenue in the ming fiscal year, resulting from tax reductions now in effect and tax adjustments which I shall propose, our reduced spending will move the new budget closer to a balance. Third, by keeping new appropriation requests below estimated revenues, we ntinue to reduce the tremendous accumulation of unfinanced obligations incurred by the Government under past appropriations. Fourth, until those claims on our Government's revenues are further reduced, the growth in the public debt cannot be entirely stopped. Because of this--because the government's bills have to be paid every month, while the tax money to pay them mes in with great unevenness within the fiscal year--and because of the need for flexibility to manage this enormous debt, I find it necessary to renew my request for an increase in the statutory debt limit. TAXES The new budget provides for a lower level of taxation than has prevailed in preceding years. Six days ago individual inme taxes were reduced and the excess profits tax expired. These tax reductions are justified only because of the substantial reductions we already have made and are making in governmental expenditures. As additional reductions in expenditures are brought gradually but surely into sight, further reductions in taxes can and will be made. When budget savings and sound governmental financing are assured, tax burdens should be reduced so that taxpayers may spend their own money in their own way. While we are moving toward lower levels of taxation we must thoroughly revise our whole tax system. The groundwork for this revision has already been laid by the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, in close nsultation with the Department of the Treasury. We should now remove the more glaring tax inequities, particularly on small taxpayers; reduce restraints on the growth of small business; and make other changes that will enurage initiative, enterprise and production. Twenty-five remmendations toward these ends will be ntained in my budget message. Without attempting to summarize these manifold reforms, I can here illustrate their tendency. For example, we propose more liberal tax treatment for dependent children who work, for widows or widowers with dependent children, and for medical expenses. For the business that wants to expand or modernize its plant, we propose liberalized tax treatment of depreciation, research and development expenses, and retained earnings. Because of the present need for revenue the rporation inme tax should be kept at the current rate of % for another year, and the excise taxes scheduled to be reduced on April first, including those on liquor, tobac, gasoline and automobiles, should be ntinued at present rates. Immediate extension of the Renegotiation Act of is also needed to eliminate excessive profits and to prevent waste of public funds in the purchase of defense materials. AGRICULTURE The well being of our million people demands a stable and prosperous agriculture. Conversely, every farmer knows he cannot prosper unless all America prospers. As we seek to promote increases in our standard of living, we must be sure that the farmer fairly shares in that increase. Therefore, a farm program promoting stability and prosperity in all elements of our agriculture is urgently needed. Agricultural laws now in effect successfully acmplished their wartime purpose of enuraging maximum production of many crops. Today, production of these crops at such levels far exceeds present demand. Yet the laws enuraging such production are still in effect. The storage facilities of the Commodity Credit Corporation bulge with surplus stocks of dairy products, wheat, tton, rn, and certain vegetable oils; and the Corporation's presently authorized borrowing authority--,,,--is nearly exhausted. Some products, priced out of domestic markets, and others, priced out of world markets, have piled up in government hands. In a world in which millions of people are hungry, destruction of food would, of urse, be unnscionable. Yet surplus stocks ntinue to threaten the market and in spite of the acreage ntrols authorized by present law, surpluses will ntinue to accumulate. We nfront two alternatives. The first is to impose still greater acreage reductions for some crops and apply rigid Federal ntrols over the use of the diverted acres. This will regiment the production of every basic agricultural crop. It will place every producer of those crops under the domination and ntrol of the Federal government in Washington. This alternative is ntrary to the fundamental interests, not only of the farmer, but of the Nation as a whole. Nor is it a real solution to the problem facing us. The send alternative is to permit the market price for these agricultural products gradually to have a greater influence on the planning of production by farmers, while ntinuing the assistance of the government. This is the sound approach. To make it effective, surpluses existing when the new program begins must be insulated from the normal channels of trade for special uses. These uses would include school lunch programs, disaster relief, emergency assistance to foreign friends, and of particular importance the stockpiling of reserves for a national emergency. Building on the agricultural laws of and , we should establish a price support program with enough flexibility to attract the production of needed supplies of essential mmodities and to stimulate the nsumption of those mmodities that are flooding American markets. Transition to modernized parity must be acmplished gradually. In no case should there be an abrupt downward change in the dollar level or in the percentage level of price supports. Next Monday I shall transmit to the Congress my detailed remmendations embodying this approach. They have been developed through the operation of innumerable individuals vitally interested in agriculture. My special message on Monday will briefly describe the nsultative and advisory processes to which this whole program has been subjected during the past ten months. I have chosen this farm program because it will build markets, protect the nsumers' food supply, and move food into nsumption instead of into storage. It is a program that will remove the threat to the farmer of these overhanging surpluses, a program, also, that will stimulate production when a mmodity is scarce and enurage nsumption when nature is bountiful. Moreover, it will promote the individual freedom, responsibility, and initiative which distinguish American agriculture. And, by helping our agriculture achieve full parity in the market, it promises our farmers a higher and steadier financial return over the years than any alternative plan. CONSERVATION Part of our Nation's precious heritage is its natural resources. It is the mmon responsibility of Federal, state, and local governments to improve and develop them, always working in the closest harmony and partnership. All Federal nservation and resource development projects are being reappraised. Sound projects now under way will be ntinued. New projects in which the Federal Government has a part must be enomically sound, with local sharing of st wherever appropriate and feasible. In the next fiscal year work will be started on twenty-three projects that meet these standards. The Federal Government will ntinue to nstruct and operate enomically sound flood ntrol, power, irrigation and water supply projects wherever these projects are beyond the capacity of local initiative, public or private, and nsistent with the needs of the whole Nation. Our nservation program will also take into acunt the important role played by farmers in protecting our soil resources. I remmend enactment of legislation to strengthen agricultural nservation and upstream flood prevention work, and to achieve a better balance with major flood ntrol structures in the down-stream areas. Remmendations will be made from time to time for the adoption of: A uniform and nsistent water resources policy; A revised public lands policy; and A sound program for safeguarding the domestic production of critical and strategic metals and minerals. In addition we shall ntinue to protect and improve our national forests, parks, monuments and other natural and historic sites, as well as our fishery and wildlife resources. I hope that pending legislation to improve the nservation and management of publicly-owned grazing lands in national forests will soon be approved by the Congress. NATIONAL HIGHWAYS To protect the vital interest of every citizen in a safe and adequate highway system, the Federal Government is ntinuing its central role in the Federal Aid Highway Program. So that maximum progress can be made to overme present inadequacies in the Interstate Highway System, we must ntinue the Federal gasoline tax at two cents per gallon. This will require cancellation of the ½¢ decrease which otherwise will beme effective April st, and will maintain revenues so that an expanded highway program can be undertaken. When the Commission on Intergovernmental Relations mpletes its study of the present system of financing highway nstruction, I shall promptly submit it for nsideration by the Congress and the governors of the states. POST OFFICE It is apparent that the substantial savings already made, and to be made, by the Post Office Department cannot eliminate the postal deficit. I remmend, therefore, that the Congress approve the bill now pending in the House of Representatives providing for the adjustment of certain postal rates. To handle the long term aspects of this, I also remmend that the Congress create a permanent mmission to establish fair and reasonable postal rates from time to time in the future. III. HUMAN PROBLEMS Along with the protection of freedom and maintenance of a strong and growing enomy, this Administration regnizes a third great purpose of government: ncern for the human problems of our citizens. In a modern industrial society, banishment of destitution and cushioning the shock of personal disaster on the individual are proper ncerns of all levels of government, including the federal government. This is especially true where remedy and prevention alike are beyond the individual's capacity. LABOR AND WELFARE Of the many problems in this area, those I shall first discuss are of particular ncern to the members of our great labor force, who with their heads, hearts and hands produce so much of the wealth of our untry. Protection against the hazards of temporary unemployment should be extended to some ½ millions of workers, including civilian Federal workers, who now lack this safeguard. Moreover, the Secretary of Labor is making available to the states studies and remmendations in the fields of weekly benefits, periods of protection and extension of verage. The Enomic Report will nsider the related matter of minimum wages and their verage. The Labor Management Relations Act of is basically a sound law. However, six years of experience have revealed that in some respects it can be improved. On January , I shall forward to the Congress suggestions for changes designed to reinforce the basic objectives of the Act. Our basic social security program, the Old-Age and Survivors Insurance system, to which individuals ntribute during their productive years and receive benefits based on previous earnings, is designed to shield them from destitution. Last year I remmended extension of the social insurance system to include more than ,, additional persons. I ask that this extension soon be acmplished. This and other major improvements in the insurance system will bring substantial benefit increases and broaden the membership of the insurance system, thus diminishing the need for Federal grants-in-aid for such purposes. A new formula will therefore be proposed, permitting progressive reduction in such grants as the need for them declines. Federal grant-in-aid welfare programs, now based on widely varying formulas, should be simplified. Concrete proposals on fourteen of them will be suggested to the appropriate Committees. The program for rehabilitation of the disabled especially needs strengthening. Through special vocational training, this program presently returns each year some , handicapped individuals to productive work. Far more disabled people can be saved each year from idleness and dependence if this program is gradually increased. My more detailed remmendations on this and the other social insurance problems I have mentioned will be sent to the Congress on January th. HEALTH I am flatly opposed to the socialization of medicine. The great need for hospital and medical services can best be met by the initiative of private plans. But it is unfortunately a fact that medical sts are rising and already impose severe hardships on many families. The Federal Government can do many helpful things and still carefully avoid the socialization of medicine. The Federal Government should enurage medical research in its battle with such mortal diseases as cancer and heart ailments, and should ntinue to help the states in their health and rehabilitation programs. The present Hospital Survey and Construction Act should be broadened in order to assist in the development of adequate facilities for the chronically ill, and to enurage the nstruction of diagnostic centers, rehabilitation facilities, and nursing homes. The war on disease also needs a better working relationship between Government and private initiative. Private and non-profit hospital and medical insurance plans are already in the field, soundly based on the experience and initiative of the people in their various mmunities. A limited Government reinsurance service would permit the private and non-profit insurance mpanies to offer broader protection to more of the many families which want and should have it. On January I shall forward to the Congress a special message presenting this Administration's health program in its detail. EDUCATION Youth--our greatest resource--is being seriously neglected in a vital respect. The nation as a whole is not preparing teachers or building schools fast enough to keep up with the increase in our population. The preparation of teachers as, indeed, the ntrol and direction of public education policy, is a state and local responsibility. However, the Federal Government should stand ready to assist states which demonstrably cannot provide sufficient school buildings. In order to appraise the needs, I hope that this year a nference on education will be held in each state, culminating in a national nference. From these nferences on education, every level of government--from the Federal Government to each local school board--should gain the information with which to attack this serious problem. HOUSING The details of a program to enlarge and improve the opportunities for our people to acquire good homes will be presented to the Congress by special message on January This program will include: Modernization of the home mortgage insurance program of the Federal Government; Redirection of the present system of loans and grants-in-aid to cities for slum clearance and redevelopment; Extension of the advantages of insured lending to private credit engaged in this task of rehabilitating obsolete neighborhoods; Insurance of long-term, mortgage loans, with small down payment for low-inme families; and, until alternative programs prove more effective, Continuation of the public housing program adopted in the Housing Act of . If the individual, the mmunity, the State and federal governments will alike apply themselves, every American family can have a decent home. VETERANS ADMINISTRATION The internal reorganization of the Veterans Administration is proceeding with my full approval. When mpleted, it will afford a single agency whose services, including medical facilities, will be better adapted to the needs of those ,, veterans to whom this Nation owes so much. SUFFRAGE My few remaining remmendations all relate to a basic right of our citizens--that of being represented in the decisions of the government. I hope that the States will operate with the Congress in adopting uniform standards in their voting laws that will make it possible for our citizens in the armed forces overseas to vote. In the District of Columbia the time is long overdue for granting national suffrage to its citizens and also applying the principle of local self-government to the Nation's Capital. I urge the Congress to move promptly in this direction and also to revise District revenue measures to provide needed public works improvements. The people of Hawaii are ready for statehood. I renew my request for this legislation in order that Hawaii may elect its State officials and its representatives in Washington along with the rest of the untry this fall. For years our citizens between the ages of and have, in time of peril, been summoned to fight for America. They should participate in the political process that produces this fateful summons. I urge Congress to propose to the States a nstitutional amendment permitting citizens to vote when they reach the age of . CONCLUSION I want to add one final word about the general purport of these many remmendations. Our government's powers are wisely limited by the Constitution; but quite apart from those limitations, there are things which no government can do or should try to do. A government can strive, as ours is striving, to maintain an enomic system whose doors are open to enterprise and ambition--those personal qualities on which enomic growth largely depends. But enterprise and ambition are qualities which no government can supply. Fortunately no American government need ncern itself on this sre; our people have these qualities in good measure. A government can sincerely strive for peace, as ours is striving, and ask its people to make sacrifices for the sake of peace. But no government can place peace in the hearts of foreign rulers. It is our duty then to ourselves and to freedom itself to remain strong in all those ways--spiritual, enomic, military--that will give us maximum safety against the possibility of aggressive action by others. No government can inoculate its people against the fatal materialism that plagues our age. Happily, our people, though blessed with more material goods than any people in history, have always reserved their first allegiance to the kingdom of the spirit, which is the true source of that freedom we value above all material things. But a government can try, as ours tries, to sense the deepest aspirations of the people, and to express them in political action at home and abroad. So long as action and aspiration humbly and earnestly seek favor in the sight of the Almighty, there is no end to America's forward road; there is no obstacle on it she will not surmount in her march toward a lasting peace in a free and prosperous world. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Eighty-third Congress: I welme the honor of appearing before you to deliver my first message to the Congress. It is manifestly the joint purpose of the ngressional leadership and of this administration to justify the summons to governmental responsibility issued last November by the American people. The grand labors of this leadership will involve: Application of America's influence in world affairs with such fortitude and such foresight that it will deter aggression and eventually secure peace; Establishment of a national administration of such integrity and such efficiency that its honor at home will ensure respect abroad; Enuragement of those incentives that inspire creative initiative in our enomy, so that its productivity may fortify freedom everywhere; and Dedication to the well-being of all our citizens and to the attainment of equality of opportunity for all, so that our Nation will ever act with the strength of unity in every task to which it is called. The purpose of this message is to suggest certain lines along which our joint efforts may immediately be directed toward realization of these four ruling purposes. The time that this administration has been in office has been too brief to permit preparation of a detailed and mprehensive program of remmended action to ver all phases of the responsibilities that devolve upon our untry's new leaders. Such a program will be filled out in the weeks ahead as, after appropriate study, I shall submit additional remmendations for your nsideration. Today can provide only a sure and substantial beginning. II. Our untry has me through a painful period of trial and disillusionment since the victory of . We anticipated a world of peace and operation. The calculated pressures of aggressive mmunism have forced us, instead, to live in a world of turmoil. From this stly experience we have learned one clear lesson. We have learned that the free world cannot indefinitely remain in a posture of paralyzed tension, leaving forever to the aggressor the choice of time and place and means to cause greatest hurt to us at least st to himself. This administration has, therefore, begun the definition of a new, positive foreign policy. This policy will be governed by certain fixed ideas. They are these: () Our foreign policy must be clear, nsistent, and nfident. This means that it must be the product of genuine, ntinuous operation between the executive and the legislative branches of this Government. It must be developed and directed in the spirit of true bipartisanship. () The policy we embrace must be a herent global policy. The freedom we cherish and defend in Europe and in the Americas is no different from the freedom that is imperiled in Asia. () Our policy, dedicated to making the free world secure, will envision all peaceful methods and devices--except breaking faith with our friends. We shall never acquiesce in the enslavement of any people in order to purchase fancied gain for ourselves. I shall ask the Congress at a later date to join in an appropriate resolution making clear that this Government regnizes no kind of mmitment ntained in secret understandings of the past with foreign governments which permit this kind of enslavement. () The policy we pursue will regnize the truth that no single untry, even one so powerful as ours, can alone defend the liberty of all nations threatened by Communist aggression from without or subversion within. Mutual security means effective mutual operation. For the United States, this means that, as a matter of mmon sense and national interest, we shall give help to other nations in the measure that they strive earnestly to do their full share of the mmon task. No wealth of aid uld mpensate for poverty of spirit. The heart of every free nation must be honestly dedicated to the preserving of its own independence and security. () Our policy will be designed to foster the advent of practical unity in Western Europe. The nations of that region have ntributed notably to the effort of sustaining the security of the free world. From the jungles of Indochina and Malaya to the northern shores of Europe, they have vastly improved their defensive strength. Where called upon to do so, they have made stly and bitter sacrifices to hold the line of freedom. But the problem of security demands closer operation among the nations of Europe than has been known to date. Only a more closely integrated enomic and political system can provide the greatly increased enomic strength needed to maintain both necessary military readiness and respectable living standards. Europe's enlightened leaders have long been aware of these facts. All the devoted work that has gone into the Schuman plan, the European Army, and the Strasbourg Conference has testified to their vision and determination. These achievements are the more remarkable when we realize that each of them has marked a victory--for France and for Germany alike over the divisions that in the past have brought such tragedy to these two great nations and to the world. The needed unity of Western Europe manifestly cannot be manufactured from without; it can only be created from within. But it is right and necessary that we enurage Europe's leaders by informing them of the high value we place upon the earnestness of their efforts toward this goal. Real progress will be nclusive evidence to the American people that our material sacrifices in the cause of llective security are matched by essential political, enomic, and military acmplishments in Western Europe. () Our foreign policy will regnize the importance of profitable and equitable world trade. A substantial beginning can and should be made by our friends themselves. Europe, for example, is now marked by checkered areas of labor surplus and labor shortage, of agricultural areas needing machines and industrial areas needing food. Here and elsewhere we can hope that our friends will take the initiative in creating broader markets and more dependable currencies, to allow greater exchange of goods and services among themselves. Action along these lines can create an enomic environment that will invite vital help from us. This help includes: First: Revising our customs regulations to remove procedural obstacles to profitable trade. I further remmend that the Congress take the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act under immediate study and extend it by appropriate legislation. This objective must not ignore legitimate safeguarding of domestic industries, agriculture, and labor standards. In all executive study and remmendations on this problem labor and management and farmers alike will be earnestly nsulted. Send: Doing whatever Government properly can to enurage the flow of private American investment abroad. This involves, as a serious and explicit purpose of our foreign policy, the enuragement of a hospitable climate for such investment in foreign nations. Third: Availing ourselves of facilities overseas for the enomical production of manufactured articles which are needed for mutual defense and which are not seriously mpetitive with our own normal peacetime production. Fourth: Receiving from the rest of the world, in equitable exchange for what we supply, greater amounts of important raw materials which we do not ourselves possess in adequate quantities. III. In this general discussion of our foreign policy, I must make special mention of the war in Korea. This war is, for Americans, the most painful phase of Communist aggression throughout the world. It is clearly a part of the same calculated assault that the aggressor is simultaneously pressing in Indochina and in Malaya, and of the strategic situation that manifestly embraces the island of Formosa and the Chinese Nationalist forces there. The working out of any military solution to the Korean war will inevitably affect all these areas. The administration is giving immediate increased attention to the development of additional Republic of Korea forces. The citizens of that untry have proved their capacity as fighting men and their eagerness to take a greater share in the defense of their homeland. Organization, equipment, and training will allow them to do so. Increased assistance to Korea for this purpose nforms fully to our global policies. In June , following the aggressive attack on the Republic of Korea, the United States Seventh Fleet was instructed both to prevent attack upon Formosa and also to insure that Formosa should not be used as a base of operations against the Chinese Communist mainland. This has meant, in effect, that the United States Navy was required to serve as a defensive arm of Communist China. Regardless of the situation in , since the date of that order the Chinese Communists have invaded Korea to attack the United Nations forces there. They have nsistently rejected the proposals of the United Nations Command for an armistice. They recently joined with Soviet Russia in rejecting the armistice proposal sponsored in the United Nations by the Government of India. This proposal had been accepted by the United States and other nations. Consequently there is no longer any logic or sense in a ndition that required the United States Navy to assume defensive responsibilities on behalf of the Chinese Communists, thus permitting those Communists, with greater impunity, to kill our soldiers and those of our United Nations allies in Korea. I am, therefore, issuing instructions that the Seventh Fleet no longer be employed to shield Communist China. This order implies no aggressive intent on our part. But we certainly have no obligation to protect a nation fighting us in Korea. IV. Our labor for peace in Korea and in the world imperatively demands the maintenance by the United States of a strong fighting service ready for any ntingency. Our problem is to achieve adequate military strength within the limits of endurable strain upon our enomy. To amass military power without regard to our enomic capacity would be to defend ourselves against one kind of disaster by inviting another. Both military and enomic objectives demand a single national military policy, proper ordination of our armed services, and effective nsolidation of certain logistics activities. We must eliminate waste and duplication of effort in the armed services. We must realize clearly that size alone is not sufficient. The biggest force is not necessarily the best--and we want the best. We must not let traditions or habits of the past stand in the way of developing an efficient military force. All members of our forces must be ever mindful that they serve under a single flag and for a single cause. We must effectively integrate our armament programs and plan them in such careful relation to our industrial facilities that we assure the best use of our manpower and our materials. Because of the mplex technical nature of our military organization and because of the security reasons involved, the Secretary of Defense must take the initiative and assume the responsibility for developing plans to give our Nation maximum safety at minimum st. Acrdingly, the new Secretary of Defense and his civilian and military associates will, in the future, remmend such changes in present laws affecting our defense activities as may be necessary to clarify responsibilities and improve the total effectiveness of our defense effort. This effort must always nform to policies laid down in the National Security Council. The statutory function of the National Security Council is to assist the President in the formulation and ordination of significant domestic, foreign, and military policies required for the security of the Nation. In these days of tension it is essential that this central body have the vitality to perform effectively its statutory role. I propose to see that it does so. Careful formulation of policies must be followed by clear understanding of them by all peoples. A related need, therefore, is to make more effective all activities of the Government related to international information. I have recently appointed a mmittee of representative and informed citizens to survey this subject and to make remmendations in the near future for legislative, administrative, or other action. A unified and dynamic effort in this whole field is essential to the security of the United States and of the other peoples in the mmunity of free nations. There is but one sure way to avoid total war--and that is to win the ld war. While retaliatory power is one strong deterrent to a would-be aggressor, another powerful deterrent is defensive power. No enemy is likely to attempt an attack foredoomed to failure. Because the building of a mpletely impenetrable defense against attack is still not possible, total defensive strength must include civil defense preparedness. Because we have inntrovertible evidence that Soviet Russia possesses atomic weapons, this kind of protection bemes sheer necessity. Civil defense responsibilities primarily belong to the State and local governments--recruiting, training, and organizing volunteers to meet any emergency. The immediate job of the Federal Government is to provide leadership, to supply technical guidance, and to ntinue to strengthen its civil defense stockpile of medical, engineering, and related supplies and equipment. This work must go forward without lag. V. I have referred to the inescapable need for enomic health and strength if we are to maintain adequate military power and exert influential leadership for peace in the world. Our immediate task is to chart a fiscal and enomic policy that can: () Reduce the planned deficits and then balance the budget, which means, among other things, reducing Federal expenditures to the safe minimum; () Meet the huge sts of our defense; () Properly handle the burden of our inheritance of debt and obligations; () Check the menace of inflation; () Work toward the earliest possible reduction of the tax burden; () Make nstructive plans to enurage the initiative of our citizens. It is important that all of us understand that this administration does not and cannot begin its task with a clean slate. Much already has been written on the rerd, beyond our power quickly to erase or to amend. This rerd includes our inherited burden of indebtedness and obligations and deficits. The current year's budget, as you know, carries a . billion dollar deficit; and the budget, which was presented to you before this administration took office, indicates a budgetary deficit of . billion for the fiscal year ending June , . The national debt is now more than billion dollars. In addition, the accumulated obligational authority of the Federal Government for future payment totals over billion dollars. Even this amount is exclusive of large ntingent liabilities, so numerous and extensive as to be almost beyond description. The bills for the payment of nearly all of the billion dollars of obligations will be presented during the next years. These bills, added to the current sts of government we must meet, make a formidable burden. The present authorized Government-debt limit is billion dollars. The forecast presented by the outgoing administration with the fiscal year budget indicates that--before the end of the fiscal year and at the peak of demand for payments during the year--the total Government debt may approach and even exceed that limit. Unless budgeted deficits are checked, the momentum of past programs will force an increase of the statutory debt limit. Permit me this one understatement: to meet and to rrect this situation will not be easy. Permit me this one assurance: every department head and I are determined to do everything we can to resolve it. The first order of business is the elimination of the annual deficit. This cannot be achieved merely by exhortation. It demands the ncerted action of all those in responsible positions in the Government and the earnest operation of the Congress. Already, we have begun an examination of the appropriations and expenditures of all departments in an effort to find significant items that may be decreased or canceled without damage to our essential requirements. Getting ntrol of the budget requires also that State and local governments and interested groups of citizens restrain themselves in their demands upon the Congress that the Federal Treasury spend more and more money for all types of projects. A balanced budget is an essential first measure in checking further depreciation in the buying power of the dollar. This is one of the critical steps to be taken to bring an end to planned inflation. Our purpose is to manage the Government's finances so as to help and not hinder each family in balancing its own budget. Reduction of taxes will be justified only as we show we can succeed in bringing the budget under ntrol. As the budget is balanced and inflation checked, the tax burden that today stifles initiative can and must be eased. Until we can determine the extent to which expenditures can be reduced, it would not be wise to reduce our revenues. Meanwhile, the tax structure as a whole demands review. The Secretary of the Treasury is undertaking this study immediately. We must develop a system of taxation which will impose the least possible obstacle to the dynamic growth of the untry. This includes particularly real opportunity for the growth of small businesses. Many readjustments in existing taxes will be necessary to serve these objectives and also to remove existing inequities. Clarification and simplification in the tax laws as well as the regulations will be undertaken. In the entire area of fiscal policy--which must, in its various aspects, be treated in remmendations to the Congress in ming weeks--there can now be stated certain basic facts and principles. First. It is axiomatic that our enomy is a highly mplex and sensitive mechanism. Hasty and ill-nsidered action of any kind uld seriously upset the subtle equation that enmpasses debts, obligations, expenditures, defense demands, deficits, taxes, and the general enomic health of the Nation. Our goals can be clear, our start toward them can be immediate--but action must be gradual. Send. It is clear that too great a part of the national debt mes due in too short a time. The Department of the Treasury will undertake at suitable times a program of extending part of the debt over longer periods and gradually placing greater amounts in the hands of longer-term investors. Third. Past differences in policy between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board have helped to enurage inflation. Henceforth, I expect that their single purpose shall be to serve the whole Nation by policies designed to stabilize the enomy and enurage the free play of our people's genius for individual initiative. In enuraging this initiative, no single item in our current problems has received more thoughtful nsideration by my associates, and by the many individuals called into our unsels, than the matter of price and wage ntrol by law. The great enomic strength of our democracy has developed in an atmosphere of freedom. The character of our people resists artificial and arbitrary ntrols of any kind. Direct ntrols, except those on credit, deal not with the real causes of inflation but only with its symptoms. In times of national emergency, this kind of ntrol has a role to play. Our whole system, however, is based upon the assumption that, normally, we should mbat wide fluctuations in our price structure by relying largely on the effective use of sound fiscal and monetary policy, and upon the natural workings of enomic law. Moreover, American labor and American business can best resolve their wage problems across the bargaining table. Government should refrain from sitting in with them unless, in extreme cases, the public welfare requires protection. We are, of urse, living in an international situation that is neither an emergency demanding full mobilization, nor is it peace. No one can know how long this ndition will persist. Consequently, we are forced to learn many new things as we go along-clinging to what works, discarding what does not. In all our current discussions on these and related facts, the weight of evidence is clearly against the use of ntrols in their present forms. They have proved largely unsatisfactory or unworkable. They have not prevented inflation; they have not kept down the st of living. Dissatisfaction with them is wholly justified. I am nvinced that now--as well as in the long run--free and mpetitive prices will best serve the interests of all the people, and best meet the changing, growing needs of our enomy. Acrdingly, I do not intend to ask for a renewal of the present wage and price ntrols on April , , when present legislation expires. In the meantime, steps will be taken to eliminate ntrols in an orderly manner, and to terminate special agencies no longer needed for this purpose. It is obviously to be expected that the removal of these ntrols will result in individual price changes--some up, some down. But a maximum of freedom in market prices as well as in llective bargaining is characteristic of a truly free people. I believe also that material and product ntrols should be ended, except with respect to defense priorities and scarce and critical items essential for our defense. I shall remmend to the Congress that legislation be enacted to ntinue authority for such remaining ntrols of this type as will be necessary after the expiration of the existing statute on June , . I remmend the ntinuance of the authority for Federal ntrol over rents in those mmunities in which serious housing shortages exist. These are chiefly the so-called defense areas. In these and all areas the Federal Government should withdraw from the ntrol of rents as soon as practicable. But before they are removed entirely, each legislature should have full opportunity to take over, within its own State, responsibility for this function. It would be idle to pretend that all our problems in this whole field of prices will solve themselves by mere Federal withdrawal from direct ntrols. We shall have to watch trends closely. If the freer functioning of our enomic system, as well as the indirect ntrols which can be appropriately employed, prove insufficient during this period of strain and tension, I shall promptly ask the Congress to enact such legislation as may be required. In facing all these problems--wages, prices, production, tax rates, fiscal policy, deficits--everywhere we remain nstantly mindful that the time for sacrifice has not ended. But we are ncerned with the enuragement of mpetitive enterprise and individual initiative precisely because we know them to be our Nation's abiding sources of strength. VI. Our vast world responsibility accents with urgency our people's elemental right to a government whose clear qualities are loyalty, security, efficiency, enomy, and integrity. The safety of America and the trust of the people alike demand that the personnel of the Federal Government be loyal in their motives and reliable in the discharge of their duties. Only a mbination of both loyalty and reliability promises genuine security. To state this principle is easy; to apply it can be difficult. But this security we must and shall have. By way of example, all principal new appointees to departments and agencies have been investigated at their own request by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Confident of your understanding and operation, I know that the primary responsibility for keeping out the disloyal and the dangerous rests squarely upon the executive branch. When this branch so nducts itself as to require policing by another branch of the Government, it invites its own disorder and nfusion. I am determined to meet this responsibility of the Executive. The heads of all executive departments and agencies have been instructed to initiate at once effective programs of security with respect to their personnel. The Attorney General will advise and guide the departments and agencies in the shaping of these programs, designed at once to govern the employment of new personnel and to review speedily any derogatory information ncerning incumbent personnel. To carry out these programs, I believe that the powers of the executive branch under existing law are sufficient. If they should prove inadequate, the necessary legislation will be requested. These programs will be both fair to the rights of the individual and effective for the safety of the Nation. They will, with care and justice, apply the basic principle that public employment is not a right but a privilege. All these measures have two clear purposes: Their first purpose is to make certain that this Nation's security is not jeopardized by false servants. Their send purpose is to clear the atmosphere of that unreasoned suspicion that accepts rumor and gossip as substitutes for evidence. Our people, of urse, deserve and demand of their Federal Government more than security of personnel. They demand, also, efficient and logical organization, true to nstitutional principles. I have already established a Committee on Government Organization. The Committee is using as its point of departure the reports of the Hoover Commission and subsequent studies by several independent agencies. To achieve the greater efficiency and enomy which the Committee analyses show to be possible, I ask the Congress to extend the present Government Reorganization Act for a period of months or years beyond its expiration date of April , . There is more involved here than realigning the wheels and smoothing the gears of administrative machinery. The Congress rightfully-expects the Executive to take the initiative in disvering and removing outmoded functions and eliminating duplication. One agency, for example, whose head has promised early and vigorous action to provide greater efficiency is the Post Office. One of the oldest institutions of our Federal Government, its service should be of the best. Its employees should merit and receive the high regard and esteem of the citizens of the Nation. There are today in some areas of the postal service, both waste and inmpetence to be rrected. With the operation of the Congress, and taking advantage of its accumulated experience in postal affairs, the Postmaster General will institute a program directed at improving service while at the same time reducing sts and decreasing deficits. In all departments, dedication to these basic precepts of security and efficiency, integrity, and enomy can and will produce an administration deserving of the trust the people have placed in it. Our people have demanded nothing less than good, efficient government. They shall get nothing less. VII. Vitally important are the water and minerals, public lands and standing timber, forage and Mid-life of this untry. A fast-growing population will have vast future needs in these resources. We must more than match the substantial achievements in the half-century since President Theodore Roosevelt awakened the Nation to the problem of nservation. This calls for a strong Federal program in the field of resource development. Its major projects should be timed, where possible to assist in leveling off peaks and valleys in our enomic life. Soundly planned projects already initiated should be carried out. New ones will be planned for the future. The best natural resources program for America will not result from exclusive dependence on Federal bureaucracy. It will involve a partnership of the States and local mmunities, private citizens, and the Federal Government, all working together. This mbined effort will advance the development of the great river valleys of our Nation and the power that they can generate. Likewise, such a partnership can be effective in the expansion throughout the Nation of upstream storage; the sound use of public lands; the wise nservation of minerals; and the sustained yield of our forests. There has been much criticism, some of it apparently justified, of the nfusion resulting from overlapping Federal activities in the entire field of resource-nservation. This matter is being exhaustively studied and appropriate reorganization plans will be developed. Most of these particular resource problems pertain to the Department of the Interior. Another of its major ncerns is our untry's island possessions. Here, one matter deserves attention. The platforms of both political parties promised immediate statehood to Hawaii. The people of that Territory have earned that status. Statehood should be granted promptly with the first election scheduled for . VIII. One of the difficult problems which face the new administration is that of the slow, irregular decline of farm prices. This decline, which has been going on for almost years, has occurred at a time when most nonfarm prices and farm sts of production are extraordinarily high. Present agricultural legislation provides for the mandatory support of the prices of basic farm mmodities at percent of parity. The Secretary of Agriculture and his associates will, of urse, execute the present act faithfully and thereby seek to mitigate the nsequences of the downturn in farm inme. This price-support legislation will expire at the end of . So we should begin now to nsider what farm legislation we should develop for and beyond. Our aim should be enomic stability and full parity of inme for American farmers. But we must seek this goal in ways that minimize governmental interference in the farmers' affairs, that permit desirable shifts in production, and that enurage farmers themselves to use initiative in meeting changing enomic nditions. A ntinuing study reveals nothing more emphatically than the mplicated nature of this subject. Among other things, it shows that the prosperity of our agriculture depends directly upon the prosperity of the whole untry--upon the purchasing power of American nsumers. It depends also upon the opportunity to ship abroad large surpluses of particular mmodities, and therefore upon sound enomic relationships between the United States and many foreign untries. It involves research and scientific investigation, nducted on an extensive scale. It involves special credit mechanisms and marketing, rural electrification, soil nservation, and other programs. The whole mplex of agricultural programs and policies will be studied by a Special Agricultural Advisory Commission, as I know it will by appropriate mmittees of the Congress. A nonpartisan group of respected authorities in the field of agriculture has already been appointed as an interim advisory group. The immediate changes needed in agricultural programs are largely budgetary and administrative in nature. New policies and new programs must await the mpletion of the far-reaching studies which have already been launched. IX. The determination of labor policy must be governed not by the vagaries of political expediency but by the firmest principles and nvictions. Slanted partisan appeals to American workers, spoken as if they were a group apart, necessitating a special language and treatment, are an affront to the fullness of their dignity as American citizens. The truth in matters of labor policy has beme obscured in ntroversy. The very meaning of enomic freedom as it affects labor has beme nfused. This misunderstanding has provided a climate of opinion favoring the growth of governmental paternalism in labor relations. This tendency, if left unrrected, uld end only by producing a bureaucratic despotism. Enomic freedom is, in fact, the requisite of greater prosperity for every American who earns his own living. In the field of labor legislation, only a law that merits the respect and support of both labor and management can help reduce the loss of wages and of production through strikes and stoppages, and thus add to the total enomic strength of our Nation. We have now had years' experience with the Labor Management Act of , mmonly known as the Taft-Hartley Act. That experience has shown the need for some rrective action, and we should promptly proceed to amend that act. I know that the Congress is already proceeding with renewed studies of this subject. Meanwhile, the Department of Labor is at once beginning work to devise further specific remmendations for your nsideration. In the careful working out of legislation, I know you will give thoughtful nsideration--as will we in the executive branch--to the views of labor, and of management, and of the general public. In this process, it is only human that each of us should bring forward the arguments of self-interest. But if all nduct their arguments in the overpowering light of national interest--which is enlightened self-interest--we shall get the right answers. I profoundly hope that every citizen of our untry will follow with understanding your progress in this work. The welfare of all of us is involved. Especially must we remember that the institutions of trade unionism and llective bargaining are monuments to the freedom that must prevail in our industrial life. They have a century of honorable achievement behind them. Our faith in them is proven, firm, and final. Government can do a great deal to aid the settlement of labor disputes without allowing itself to be employed as an ally of either side. Its proper role in industrial strife is to enurage the processes of mediation and nciliation. These processes can successfully be directed only by a government free from the taint of any suspicion that it is partial or punitive. The administration intends to strengthen and to improve the services which the Department of Labor can render to the worker and to the whole national mmunity. This Department was created--just years ago--to serve the entire Nation. It must aid, for example, employers and employees alike in improving training programs that will develop skilled and mpetent workers. It must enjoy the nfidence and respect of labor and industry in order to play a significant role in the planning of America's enomic future. To that end, I am authorizing the Department of Labor to establish promptly a tripartite advisory mmittee nsisting of representatives of employers, labor, and the public. X. Our civil and social rights form a central part of the heritage we are striving to defend on all fronts and with all our strength. I believe with all my heart that our vigilant guarding of these rights is a sacred obligation binding upon every citizen. To be true to one's own freedom is, in essence, to honor and respect the freedom of all others. A cardinal ideal in this heritage we cherish is the equality of rights of all citizens of every race and lor and creed. We know that discrimination against minorities persists despite our allegiance to this ideal. Such discrimination--nfined to no one section of the Nation--is but the outward testimony to the persistence of distrust and of fear in the hearts of men. This fact makes all the more vital the fighting of these wrongs by each individual, in every station of life, in his every deed. Much of the answer lies in the power of fact, fully publicized; of persuasion, honestly pressed; and of nscience, justly aroused. These are methods familiar to our way of life, tested and proven wise. I propose to use whatever authority exists in the office of the President to end segregation in the District of Columbia, including the Federal Government, and any segregation in the Armed Forces. Here in the District of Columbia, serious attention should be given to the proposal to develop and authorize, through legislation, a system to provide an effective voice in local self-government. While nsideration of this proceeds, I remmend an immediate increase of two in the number of District Commissioners to broaden representation of all elements of our local population. This will be a first step toward insuring that this Capital provide an honored example to all mmunities of our Nation. In this manner, and by the leadership of the office of the President exercised through friendly nferences with those in authority in our States and cities, we expect to make true and rapid progress in civil rights and equality of employment opportunity. There is one sphere in which civil rights are inevitably involved in Federal legislation. This is the sphere of immigration. It is a manifest right of our Government to limit the number of immigrants our Nation can absorb. It is also a manifest right of our Government to set reasonable requirements on the character and the numbers of the people who me to share our land and our freedom. It is well for us, however, to remind ourselves occasionally of an equally manifest fact: we are--one and all--immigrants or sons and daughters of immigrants. Existing legislation ntains injustices. It does, in fact, discriminate. I am informed by Members of the Congress that it was realized, at the time of its enactment, that future study of the basis of determining quotas would be necessary. I am therefore requesting the Congress to review this legislation and to enact a statute that will at one and the same time guard our legitimate national interests and be faithful to our basic ideas of freedom and fairness to all. In another but related area--that of social rights--we see most clearly the new application of old ideas of freedom. This administration is profoundly aware of two great needs born of our living in a mplex industrial enomy. First, the individual citizen must have safeguards against personal disaster inflicted by forces beyond his ntrol; send, the welfare of the people demands effective and enomical performance by the Government of certain indispensable social services. In the light of this responsibility, certain general purposes and certain ncrete measures are plainly indicated now. There is urgent need for greater effectiveness in our programs, both public and private, offering safeguards against the privations that too often me with unemployment, old age, illness, and accident. The provisions of the old-age and survivors insurance law should promptly be extended to ver millions of citizens who have been left out of the social-security system. No less important is the enuragement of privately sponsored pension plans. Most important of all, of urse, is renewed effort to check the inflation which destroys so much of the value of all social-security payments. Our school system demands some prompt, effective help. During each of the last years, more than ½ million children have swelled the elementary and sendary school population of the untry. Generally, the school population is proportionately higher in States with low per capita inme. This whole situation calls for careful ngressional study and action. I am sure that you share my nviction that the firm nditions of Federal aid must be proved need and proved lack of local inme. One phase of the school problem demands special action. The school population of many districts has been greatly in- creased by the swift growth of defense activities. These activities have added little or nothing to the tax resources of the mmunities affected. Legislation aiding nstruction of schools in the districts expires on June . This law should be renewed; and likewise, the partial payments for current operating expenses for these particular school districts should be made, including the deficiency requirement of the current fiscal year. Public interest similarly demands one prompt specific action in protection of the general nsumer. The Food and Drug Administration should be authorized to ntinue its established and necessary program of factory inspections. The invalidation of these inspections by the Supreme Court of December , , was based solely on the fact that the present law ntained innsistent and unclear provisions. These must be promptly rrected. I am well aware that beyond these few immediate measures there remains much to be done. The health and housing needs of our people call for intelligently planned programs. Involved are the solvency of the whole security system; and its guarding against exploitation by the irresponsible. To bring clear purpose and orderly procedure into this field, I anticipate a thorough study of the proper relationship among Federal, State, and local programs. I shall shortly send you specific remmendations for establishing such an appropriate mmission, together with a reorganization plan defining new administrative status for all Federal activities in health, education, and social security. I repeat that there are many important subjects of which I make no mention today. Among these is our great and growing body of veterans. America has traditionally been generous in caring for the disabled--and the widow and the orphan of the fallen. These millions remain close to all our hearts. Proper care of our uniformed citizens and appreciation of the past service of our veterans are part of our accepted governmental responsibilities. XI We have surveyed briefly some problems of our people and a portion of the tasks before us. The hope of freedom itself depends, in real measure, upon our strength, our heart, and our wisdom. We must be strong in arms. We must be strong in the source of all our armament, our productivity. We all--workers and farmers, foremen and financiers, technicians and builders--all must produce, produce more, and produce yet more. We must be strong, above all, in the spiritual resources upon which all else depends. We must be devoted with all our heart to the values we defend. We must know that each of these values and virtues applies with equal force at the ends of the earth and in our relations with our neighbor next door. We must know that freedom expresses itself with equal eloquence in the right of workers to strike in the nearby factory, and in the yearnings and sufferings of the peoples of Eastern Europe. As our heart summons our strength, our wisdom must direct it. There is, in world affairs, a steady urse to be followed between an assertion of strength that is truculent and a nfession of helplessness that is wardly. There is, in our affairs at home, a middle way between untrammeled freedom of the individual and the demands for the welfare of the whole Nation. This way must avoid government by bureaucracy as carefully as it avoids neglect of the helpless. In every area of political action, free men must think before they can expect to win. In this spirit must we live and labor: nfident of our strength, mpassionate in our heart, clear in our mind. In this spirit, let us together turn to the great tasks before us. DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER To the Congress of the United States: I have the honor to report to the Congress on the state of the Union. This is the eighth such report that, as President, I have been privileged to present to you and to the untry. On previous occasions, it has been my custom to set forth proposals for legislative action in the ming year. But that is not my purpose today. The presentation of a legislative program falls properly to my successor, not to me, and I would not infringe upon his responsibility to chart the forward urse. Instead, I wish to speak of the urse we have been following the past eight years and the position at which we have arrived. In just two weeks, General Eisenhower will be inaugurated as President of the United States and I will resume--most gladly--my place as a private citizen of this Republic. The Presidency last changed hands eight years ago this ming April. That was a tragic time: a time of grieving for President Roosevelt--the great and gallant human being who had been taken from us; a time of unrelieved anxiety to his successor, thrust so suddenly into the mplexities and burdens of the Presidential office. "Not so this time. This time we see the normal transition under our democratic system. One President, at the nclusion of his term, steps back to private life; his successor, chosen by the people, begins his tenure of the office. And the Presidency of the United States ntinues to function without a moment's break.   Since the election, I have done my best to assure that the transfer from one Administration to another shall be smooth and orderly. From General Eisenhower and his associates, I have had friendly and understanding llaboration in this endeavor. I have not sought to thrust upon him--nor has he sought to take--the responsibility which must be mine until twelve o'clock noon on January twentieth. But together, I hope and believe we have found means whereby the inming President can obtain the full and detailed information he will need to assume the responsibility the moment he takes the oath of office." The President-elect is about to take up the greatest burdens, the most mpelling responsibilities, given to any man. And I, with you and all Americans, wish for him all possible success in undertaking the tasks that will so soon be his. What are these tasks? The President is Chief of State, elected representative of all the people, national spokesman for them and to them. He is Commander-in-Chief of our armed forces. He is charged with the nduct of our foreign relations. He is Chief Executive of the Nation's largest civilian organization. He must select and nominate all top officials of the Executive Branch and all Federal judges. And on the legislative side, he has the obligation and the opportunity to remmend, and to approve or veto legislation. Besides all this, it is to him that a great political party turns naturally for leadership, and that, too, he must provide as President. This bundle of burdens is unique; there is nothing else like it on the face of the earth. Each task uld be a full-time job. Together, they would be a tremendous undertaking in the easiest of times. But our times are not easy; they are hard-as hard and mplex, perhaps as any in our history. Now, the President not only has to carry on these tasks in such a way that our democracy may grow and flourish and our people prosper, but he also has to lead the whole free world in overming the mmunist menace--and all this under the shadow of the atomic bomb. This is a huge challenge to the human being who occupies the Presidential office. But it is not a challenge to him alone, for in reality he cannot meet it alone. The challenge runs not just to him but to his whole Administration, to the Congress, to the untry. Ultimately, no President can master his responsibilities, save as his fellow citizens-indeed, the whole people--mprehend the challenge of our times and move, with him, to meet it. It has been my privilege to hold the Presidential office for nearly eight years now, and much has been done in which I take great pride. But this is not personal pride. It is pride in the people, in the Nation. It is pride in our political system and our form of government--balky sometimes, mechanically deficient perhaps, in many ways--but enormously alive and vigorous; able through these years to keep the Republic on the right urse, rising to the great occasions, acmplishing the essentials, meeting the basic challenge of our times. There have been misunderstandings and ntroversies these past eight years, but through it all the President of the United States has had that measure of support and understanding without which no man uld sustain the burdens of the Presidential office, or hope to discharge its responsibilities. For this I am profoundly grateful--grateful to my associates in the Executive Branch--most of them non-partisan civil servants; grateful--despite our disagreements-to the Members of the Congress on both sides of the aisle; grateful especially to the American people, the citizens of this Republic, governors of us all. We are still so close to recent ntroversies that some of us may find it hard to understand the acmplishments of these past eight years. But the acmplishments are real and very great, not as the President's, not as the Congress but as the achievements of our untry and all the people in it. Let me remind you of some of the things we have done since I first assumed my duties as President of the United States. I took the oath of office on April , . In May of that same year, the Nazis surrendered. Then, in July, that great white flash of light, man-made at Alamogordo, heralded swift and final victory in World War II--and opened the doorway to the atomic age. Consider some of the great questions that were posed for us by sudden, total victory in World War II. Consider also, how well we as a Nation have responded. Would the American enomy llapse, after the war? That was one question. Would there be another depression here--a repetition of or ? The free world feared and dreaded it. The mmunists hoped for it and built their policies upon that hope. We answered that question--answered it with a resounding no." Our enomy has grown tremendously. Free enterprise has flourished as never fore. Sixty-two million people are now gainfully employed, mpared with million seven years ago. Private businessmen and farmers have invested more than billion dollars in new plant and equipment since the end of World War II. Prices have risen further than they should have done--but inmes, by and large, have risen even more, so that real living standards are now nsiderably higher than seven years ago. Aided by sound government policies, our expanding enomy has shown the strength and flexibility for swift and almost painless renversion from war to peace, in and ; for quick reaction and revery-- well before Korea--from the beginnings of recession in . Above all, this live and vital enomy of ours has now shown the remarkable capacity to sustain a great mobilization program for defense, a vast outpouring of aid to friends and allies all around the world--and still to produce more goods and services for peaceful use at home than we have ever known before. This has been our answer, up to now, to those who feared or hoped for a depression in this untry. How have we handled our national finances? That was another question arising at war's end. In the administration of the Government, no problem takes more of the President's time, year in and year out, than fashioning the Budget, and the related problem of managing the public debt. Financing World War II left us with a tremendous public debt, which reached billion dollars at its peak in February, . Beginning in July, , when war and renversion financing had ended, we have held quite closely to the sound standard that in times of high employment and high national inme, the Federal Budget should be balanced and the debt reduced. For the four fiscal years from July , , to June , , we had a net surplus of . billion dollars. Using this surplus, and the Treasury's excess cash reserves, the debt was reduced substantially, reaching a low point of billion dollars in June, , and ending up at billion dollars on June , . In July of , we began our rapid rearmament, and for two years held very close to a pay-as-we-go policy. But in the current fiscal year and the next, rising expenditures for defense will substantially outrun receipts. This will pose an immediate and serious problem for the new Congress. Now let me turn to another question we faced at the war's end. Would we take up again, and carry forward, the great projects of social welfare--so badly needed, so long overdue--that the New Deal had introduced into our national life? Would our Government ntinue to have a heart for the people, or was the progress of the New Deal to be halted in the aftermath of war as decisively as the progress of Woodrow Wilson's New Freedom had been halted after the first world war? This question, too, we have answered. We have answered it by doubling old age insurance benefits and extending verage to ten million more people. We have answered it by increasing our minimum wage. We have answered by the three million privately nstructed homes that the Federal Government has helped finance since the war--and the thousand units of low rent public housing placed under nstruction since . We have answered with the thousand new hospital beds provided since through the joint efforts of the Federal Government and local mmunities. We have answered by helping eight million veterans of World War II to obtain advanced education, thousand to start in business, and thousand to buy farms. We have answered by ntinuing to help farmers obtain electric power, until today nearly per cent of our farms have power line electric service. In these and other ways, we have demonstrated, up to now, that our democracy has not forgotten how to use the powers of the Government to promote the people's welfare and security. Another of the big post-war questions was this: What we would do with the Nation's natural resources--its soils and water, forests and grasslands. Would we ntinue the strong nservation movement of the 's, or would we, as we did after the First World War, slip back into the practices of monopoly, exploitation, and waste The answer is plain. All across our untry, the soil nservation movement has spread, aided by Government programs, enriching private and public lands, preserving them from destruction, improving them for future use. In our river basins, we have invested nearly billion dollars of public funds in the last eight years--invested them in projects to ntrol floods, irrigate farmlands, produce low-st power and get it to the housewives and farmers and businessmen who need it. We have been vigilant in protecting the people's property--lands and forests and oil and minerals. We have had to fight hard against those who would use our resources for private greed; we have met setbacks; we have had to delay work because of defense priorities, but on the whole we can be proud of our rerd in protecting our natural heritage, and in using our resources for the public good. Here is another question we had to face at the war's close: Would we ntinue, in peace as well as war, to promote equality of opportunity for all our citizens, seeking ways and means to guarantee for all of them the full enjoyment of their civil rights? During the war we achieved great enomic and social gains for millions of our fellow citizens who had been held back by prejudice. Were we prepared, in peacetime, to keep on moving toward full realization of the democratic promise? Or would we let it be submerged, wiped out, in post-war riots and reaction, as after World War I? We answered these questions in a series of forward steps at every level of government and in many spheres of private life. In our armed forces, our civil service, our universities, our railway trains, the residential districts of our cities--in stores and factories all across the Nation--in the polling booths as well--the barriers are ming down. This is happening, in part, at the mandate of the urts; in part, at the insistence of Federal, State and local governments; in part, through the enlightened action of private groups and persons in every region and every walk of life. There has been a great awakening of the American nscience on the issues of civil rights. And all this progress--still far from mplete but still ntinuing--has been our answer, up to now, to those who questioned our intention to live up to the promises of equal freedom for us all. There was another question posed for us at the war's end, which equally ncerned the future urse of our democracy: Could the machinery of government and politics in this Republic be changed, improved, adapted rapidly enough to carry through, responsibly and well, the vast, new mplicated undertakings called for in our time We have answered this question, too, answered it by tackling the most urgent, most specific, problems which the war experience itself had brought into sharp focus. The reorganization of the Congress in ; the unification of our armed services, beginning in ; the closer integration of foreign and military policy through the National Security Council created that same year; and the Executive reorganizations, before and after the Hoover-Acheson Commission Report in --these are landmarks in our ntinuing endeavor to make government an effective instrument of service to the people. I me now to the most vital question of all, the greatest of our ncerns: Could there be built in the world a durable structure of security, a lasting peace for all the nations, or would we drift, as after World War I, toward another terrible disaster--a disaster which this time might be the holocaust of atomic war That is still the overriding question of our time. We cannot know the answer yet; perhaps we will not know it finally for a long time to me. But day and night, these past eight years, we have been building for peace, searching out the way that leads most surely to security and freedom and justice in the world for us and all mankind. This, above all else, has been the task of our Republic since the end of World War II, and our acmplishment so far should give real pride to all Americans. At the very least, a total war has been averted, each day up to this hour. And at the most, we may already have succeeded in establishing nditions which can keep that kind of war from happening, for as far ahead as man can see. The Send World War radically changed the power relationships of the world. Nations once great were left shattered and weak, channels of mmunication, routes of trade, political and enomic ties of many kinds were ripped apart. And in this changed, disrupted, chaotic situation, the United States and the Soviet Union emerged as the two strongest powers of the world. Each had tremendous human and natural resources, actual or potential, on a scale unmatched by any other nation. Nothing uld make plainer why the world is in its present state--and how that came to pass--than an understanding of the diametrically opposite principles and policies of these two great powers in a war-ruined world. For our part, we in this Republic were-and are--free men, heirs of the American Revolution, dedicated to the truths of our Declaration of Independence: "... That all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights... That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the nsent of the governed." Our post-war objective has been in keeping with this great idea. The United States has sought to use its pre-eminent position of power to help other nations rever from the damage and dislocation of the war. We held out a helping hand to enable them to restore their national lives and to regain their positions as independent, self-supporting members of the great family of nations. This help was given without any attempt on our part to dominate or ntrol any nation. We did not want satellites but partners. The Soviet Union, however, took exactly the opposite urse. Its rulers saw in the weakened ndition of the world not an obligation to assist in the great work of renstruction, but an opportunity to exploit misery and suffering for the extension of their power. Instead of help, they brought subjugation. They extinguished, blotted out, the national independence of the untries that the military operations of World War II had left within their grasp. The difference stares at us from the map of Europe today. To the west of the line that tragically divides Europe we see nations ntinuing to act and live in the light of their own traditions and principles. On the other side, we see the dead uniformity of a tyrannical system imposed by the rulers of the Soviet Union. Nothing uld point up more clearly what the global struggle between the free world and the mmunists is all about. It is a struggle as old as rerded history; it is freedom versus tyranny. For the dominant idea of the Soviet regime is the terrible nception that men do not have rights but live at the mercy of the state. Inevitably this idea of theirs--and all the nsequences flowing from it--llided with the efforts of free nations to build a just and peaceful world. The ld war" between the mmunists and the free world is nothing more or less than the Soviet attempt to checkmate and defeat our peaceful purposes, in furtherance of their own dread objective. We did not seek this struggle, God forbid. We did our utmost to avoid it. In World War II, we and the Russians had fought side by side, each in our turn attacked and forced to mbat by the aggressors. After the war, we hoped that our wartime llaboration uld be maintained, that the frightful experience of Nazi invasion, of devastation in the heart of Russia, had turned the Soviet rulers away from their old proclaimed allegiance to world revolution and mmunist dominion. But instead, they violated, one by one, the solemn agreements they had made with us in wartime. They sought to use the rights and privileges they had obtained in the United Nations, to frustrate its purposes and cut down its powers as an effective agent of world progress and the keeper of the world's peace. Despite this outme, the efforts we made toward peaceful llaboration are a source of our present strength. They demonstrated that we believed what we proclaimed, that we actually sought honest agreements as the way to peace. Our whole moral position, our leadership in the free world today, is fortified by that fact. The world is divided, not through our fault or failure, but by Soviet design. They, not we, began the ld war. And because the free world saw this happen because men know we made the effort and the Soviet rulers spurned it--the free nations have accepted leadership from our Republic, in meeting and mastering the Soviet offensive. It seems to me especially important that all of us be clear, in our own thinking, about the nature of the threat we have faced-and will face for a long time to me. The measures we have devised to meet it take shape and pattern only as we understand what we were--and are--up against. The Soviet Union occupies a territory of million square miles. Beyond its borders, East and West, are the nearly five million square miles of the satellite states--virtually inrporated into the Soviet Union--and of China, now its close partner. This vast land mass ntains an enormous store of natural resources sufficient to support an enomic development mparable to our own. That is the Stalinist world. It is a world of great natural diversity in geography and climate, in distribution of resources, in population, language, and living standards, in enomic and cultural development. It is a world whose people are not all nvinced mmunists by any means. It is a world where history and national traditions, particularly in its borderlands, tend more toward separation than unification, and run unter to the enforced mbination that has been made of these areas today. But it is also a world of great man-made uniformities, a world that bleeds its population white to build huge military forces; a world in which the police are everywhere and their authority unlimited; a world where terror and slavery are deliberately administered both as instruments of government and as means of production; a world where all effective social power is the state's monopoly--yet the state itself is the creature of the mmunist tyrants. The Soviet Union, with its satellites, and China are held in the tight grip of mmunist party chieftains. The party dominates all social and political institutions. The party regulates and centrally directs the whole enomy. In Mosw's sphere, and in Peiping's, all history, philosophy, morality and law are centrally established by rigid dogmas, incessantly drummed into the whole population and subject to interpretation--or to change by none except the party's own inner circle. And lest their people learn too much of other ways of life, the mmunists have walled off their world, deliberately and uniformly, from the rest of human society. That is the mmunist base of operation in-their ld war. In addition, they have at their mmand hundreds and thousands of dedicated foreign mmunists, people in nearly every free untry who will serve Mosw's ends. Thus the masters of the Kremlin are provided with deluded followers all through the free world whom they can manipulate, cynically and quite ruthlessly, to serve the purposes of the Soviet state. Given their vast internal base of operations, and their agents in foreign lands, what are the mmunist rulers trying to do? Inside their homeland, the mmunists are trying to maintain and modernize huge military forces. And simultaneously, they are endeavoring to weld their whole vast area and population into a mpletely self-ntained, advanced industrial society. They aim, some day, to equal or better the production levels of Western Europe and North America mbined--thus shifting the balance of world enomic power, and war potential, to their side. They have a long way to go and they know it. But they are prepared to levy upon living generations any sacrifice that helps strengthen their armed power, or speed industrial development. Externally, the mmunist rulers are trying to expand the boundaries of their world, whenever and wherever they can. This expansion they have pursued steadfastly since the close of World War II, using any means available to them. Where the Soviet army was present, as in the untries of Eastern Europe, they have gradually squeezed free institutions to death. Where post-war chaos existed in industrialized nations, as in Western Europe, the local Stalinists tried to gain power through political processes, politically-inspired strikes, and every available means for subverting free institutions to their evil ends. Where nditions permitted, the Soviet rulers have stimulated and aided armed insurrection by mmunist-led revolutionary forces, as in Greece, Indo-China, the Philippines, and China, or outright aggression by one of their satellites, as in Korea. Where the forces of nationalism, independence, and enomic change were at work throughout the great sweep of Asia and Africa, the mmunists tried to identify themselves with the cause of progress, tried to picture themselves as the friends of freedom and advancement--surely one of the most cynical efforts of which history offers rerd. Thus, everywhere in the free world, the mmunists seek to fish in troubled waters, to seize more untries, to enslave more millions of human souls. They were, and are, ready to ally themselves with any group, from the extreme left to the extreme right, that offers them an opportunity to advance their ends. Geography gives them a central position. They are both a European and an Asian power, with borders touching many of the most sensitive and vital areas in the free world around them. So situated, they can use their armies and their enomic power to set up simultaneously a whole series of threats--or inducements--to such widely dispersed places as Western Germany, Iran, and Japan. These pressures and attractions can be sustained at will, or quickly shifted from place to place. Thus the mmunist rulers are moving, with implacable will, to create greater strength in their vast empire, and to create weakness and division in the free world, preparing for the time their false creed teaches them must me: the time when the whole world outside their sway will be so torn by strife and ntradictions that it will be ripe for the mmunist plucking. This is the heart of the distorted Marxist interpretation of history. This is the glass through which Mosw and Peiping look out upon the world, the glass through which they see the rest of us. They seem really to believe that history is on their side. And they are trying to boost history" along, at every opportunity, in every way they can. I have set forth here the nature of the mmunist menace nfronting our Republic and the whole free world. This is the measure of the challenge we have faced since World War II--a challenge partly military and partly enomic, partly moral and partly intellectual, nfronting us at every level of human endeavor and all around the world. It has been and must be the free world's purpose not only to organize defenses against aggression and subversion, not only to build a structure of resistance and salvation for the mmunity of nations outside the iron curtain, but in addition to give expression and opportunity to the forces of growth and progress in the free world, to so organize and unify the operative mmunity of free men that we will not crumble but grow stronger over the years, and the Soviet empire, not the free world, will eventually have to change its ways or fall. Our whole program of action to carry out this purpose has been directed to meet two requirements. The first of these had to do with security. Like the pioneers who settled this great ntinent of ours, we have had to carry a musket while we went about our peaceful business. We realized that if we and our allies did not have military strength to meet the growing Soviet military threat, we would never have the opportunity to carry forward our efforts to build a peaceful world of law and order--the only environment in which our free institutions uld survive and flourish. Did this mean we had to drop everything else and ncentrate on armies and weapons Of urse it did not: side-by-side with this urgent military requirement, we had to ntinue to help create nditions of enomic and social progress in the world. This work had to be carried forward alongside the first, not only in order to meet the non-military aspects of the mmunist drive for power, but also because this creative effort toward human progress is essential to bring about the kind of world we as free men want to live in. These two requirements--military security and human progress--are more closely related in action than we sometimes regnize. Military security depends upon a strong enomic underpinning and a stable and hopeful political order; nversely, the nfidence that makes for enomic and political progress does not thrive in areas that are vulnerable to military nquest. These requirements are related in another way. Both of them depend upon unity of action among the free nations of the world. This, indeed, has been the foundation of our whole effort, for the drawing together of the free people of the world has beme a ndition essential not only to their progress, but to their survival as free people. This is the nviction that underlies all the steps we have been taking to strengthen and unify the free nations during the past seven years. What have these steps been? First of all, how have we gone about meeting the requirement of providing for our security against this world-wide challenge? Our starting point, as I have said on many occasions, has been and remains the United Nations. We were prepared, and so were the other nations of the free world, to place our reliance on the machinery of the United Nations to safeguard peace. But before the United Nations uld give full expression to the ncept of international security embodied in the Charter, it was essential that the five permanent members of the Security Council honor their solemn pledge to operate to that end. This the Soviet Union has not done. I do not need to outline here the dreary rerd of Soviet obstruction and veto and the unceasing efforts of the Soviet representatives to sabotage the United Nations. It is important, however, to distinguish clearly between the principle of llective security embodied in the Charter and the mechanisms of the United Nations to give that principle effect. We must frankly regnize that the Soviet Union has been able, in certain instances, to stall the machinery of llective security. Yet it has not been able to impair the principle of llective security. The free nations of the world have retained their allegiance to that idea. They have found the means to act despite the Soviet veto, both through the United Nations itself and through the application of this principle in regional and other security arrangements that are fully in harmony with the Charter and give expression to its purposes. The free world refused to resign itself to llective suicide merely because of the technicality of a Soviet veto. The principle of llective measures to forestall aggression has found expression in the Treaty of Rio de Janeiro, the North Atlantic Treaty, now extended to include Greece and Turkey, and the several treaties we have ncluded to reinforce security in the Pacific area. But the free nations have not this time fallen prey to the dangerous illusion that treaties alone will stop an aggressor. By a series of vigorous actions, as varied as the nature of the threat, the free nations have successfully thwarted aggression or the threat of aggression in many different parts of the world. Our untry has led or supported these llective measures. The aid we have given to people determined to act in defense of their freedom has often spelled the difference between success and failure. We all know what we have done, and I shall not review in detail the steps we have taken. Each major step was a milepost in the developing unity, strength and resolute will of the free nations. The first was the determined and successful effort made through the United Nations to safeguard the integrity and independence of Iran in and . Next was our aid and support to embattled Greece, which enabled her to defeat the forces threatening her national independence. In Turkey, operative action resulted in building up a bulwark of military strength for an area vital to the defenses of the entire free world. In , we began furnishing military aid to our partners in the North Atlantic Community and to a number of other free untries. The Soviet Union's threats against Germany and Japan, its neighbors to the West and to the East, have been successfully withstood. Free Germany is on its way to beming a member of the peaceful mmunity of nations, and a partner in the mmon defense. The Soviet effort to capture Berlin by blockade was thwarted by the urageous Allied airlift. An independent and democratic Japan has been brought back into the mmunity of free nations. In the Far East, the tactics of mmunist imperialism have reached heights of violence unmatched elsewhere--and the problem of ncerted action by the free nations has been at once more acute and more difficult. Here, in spite of outside aid and support, the free government of China succumbed to the mmunist assault. Our aid has enabled the free Chinese to rebuild and strengthen their forces on the island of Formosa. In other areas of the Far East-in Indo-China, Malaya, and the Philippines--our assistance has helped sustain a staunch resistance against mmunist insurrectionary attacks. The supreme test, up to this point, of the will and determination of the free nations came in Korea, when mmunist forces invaded the Republic of Korea, a state that was in a special sense under the protection of the United Nations. The response was immediate and resolute. Under our military leadership, the free nations for the first time took up arms, llectively, to repel aggression. Aggression was repelled, driven back, punished. Since that time, mmunist strategy has seen fit to prolong the nflict, in spite of honest efforts by the United Nations to reach an honorable truce. The months of deadlock have demonstrated that the mmunists cannot achieve by persistence, or by diplomatic trickery, what they failed to achieve by sneak attack. Korea has demonstrated that the free world has the will and the endurance to match the mmunist effort to overthrow international order through local aggression. "It has been a bitter struggle and it has st us much in brave lives and human suffering, but it has made it plain that the free nations will fight side by side, that they will not succumb to aggression or intimidation, one by one. This, in the final analysis, is the only way to halt the mmunist drive to world power.   At the heart of the free world's defense is the military strength of the United States." From to , the United States was sole possessor of the atomic bomb. That was a great deterrent and protection in itself. But when the Soviets produced an atomic explosion--as they were bound to do in time--we had to broaden the whole basis of our strength. We had to endeavor to keep our lead in atomic weapons. We had to strengthen our armed forces generally and to enlarge our productive capacity-our mobilization base. Historically, it was the Soviet atomic explosion in the fall of , nine months before the aggression in Korea, which stimulated the planning for our program of defense mobilization. What we needed was not just a central force that uld strike back against aggression. We also needed strength along the outer edges of the free world, defenses for our allies as well as for ourselves, strength to hold the line against attack as well as to retaliate. We have made great progress on this task of building strong defenses. In the last two and one half years, we have more than doubled our own defenses, and we have helped to increase the protection of nearly all the other free nations. All the measures of llective security, resistance to aggression, and the building of defenses, nstitute the first requirement for the survival and progress of the free world. But, as I have pointed out, they are interwoven with the necessity of taking steps to create and maintain enomic and social progress in the free nations. There can be no military strength except where there is enomic capacity to back it. There can be no freedom where there is enomic chaos or social llapse. For these reasons, our national policy has included a wide range of enomic measures. In Europe, the grand design of the Marshall Plan permitted the people of Britain and France and Italy and a half dozen other untries, with help from the United States, to lift themselves from stagnation and find again the path of rising production, rising inmes, rising standards of living. The situation was changed almost overnight by the Marshall Plan; the people of Europe have a renewed hope and vitality, and they are able to carry a share of the military defense of the free world that would have been impossible a few years ago. Now the untries of Europe are moving rapidly towards political and enomic unity, changing the map of Europe in more hopeful ways than it has been changed for years. Customs unions, European enomic institutions like the Schuman Plan, the movement toward European political integration, the European Defense Community-all are signs of practical and effective growth toward greater mmon strength and unity. The untries of Western Europe, including the free Republic of Germany are working together, and the whole free world is the gainer. It sometimes happens, in the urse of history, that steps taken to meet an immediate necessity serve an ultimate purpose greater than may be apparent at the time. This, I believe, is the meaning of what has been going on in Europe under the threat of aggression. The free nations there, with our help, have been drawing together in defense of their free institutions. In so doing, they have laid the foundations of a unity that will endure as a major creative force beyond the exigencies of this period of history. We may, at this close range, be but dimly aware of the creative surge this movement represents, but I believe it to be of historic importance. I believe its benefits will survive long after mmunist tyranny is nothing but an unhappy memory. In Asia and Africa, the enomic and social problems are different but no less urgent. There hundreds of millions of people are in ferment, exploding into the twentieth century, thrusting toward equality and independence and improvement in the hard nditions of their lives. Politically, enomically, socially, things cannot and will not stay in their pre-war mold in Africa and Asia. Change must me--is ming--fast. Just in the years I have been President, free nations, with more than million people, have beme independent: Burma, Indonesia, the Philippines, Korea, Israel, Libya, India, Pakistan and Ceylon, and the three Associated States of Indo-China, now members of the French Union. These names alone are testimony to the sweep of the great force which is changing the face of half the world. Working out new relationships among the peoples of the free world would not be easy in the best of times. Even if there were no Communist drive for expansion, there would be hard and mplex problems of transition from old social forms, old political arrangements, old enomic institutions to the new ones our century demands--problems of guiding change into nstructive channels, of helping new nations grow strong and stable. But now, with the Soviet rulers striving to exploit this ferment for their own purposes, the task has beme harder and more urgent--terribly urgent. In this situation, we see the meaning and the importance of the Point IV program, through which we can share our store of know-how and of capital to help these people develop their enomies and reshape their societies. As we help Iranians to raise more grain, Indians to reduce the incidence of malaria, Liberians to educate their children better, we are at once helping to answer the desires of the people for advancement, and demonstrating the superiority of freedom over mmunism. There will be no quick solution for any of the difficulties of the new nations of Asia and Africa--but there may be no solution at all if we do not press forward with full energy to help these untries grow and flourish in freedom and in operation with the rest of the free world. Our measures of enomic policy have already had a tremendous effect on the urse of events. Eight years ago, the Kremlin thought post-war llapse in Western Europe and Japan--with enomic dislocation in America--might give them the signal to advance. We demonstrated they were wrong. Now they wait with hope that the enomic revery of the free world has set the stage for violent and disastrous rivalry among the enomically developed nations, struggling for each other's markets and a greater share of trade. Here is another test that we shall have to meet and master in the years immediately ahead. And it will take great ingenuity and effort--and much time--before we prove the Kremlin wrong again. But we can do it. It is true that enomic revery presents its problems, as does enomic decline, but they are problems of another order. They are the problems of distributing abundance fairly, and they can be solved by the process of international operation that has already brought us so far. These are the measures we must ntinue. This is the path we must follow. We must go on, working with our free associates, building an international structure for military defense, and for enomic, social, and political progress. We must be prepared for war, because war may be thrust upon us. But the stakes in our search for peace are immensely higher than they have ever been before. For now we have entered the atomic age, and war has undergone a technological change which makes it a very different thing from what it used to be. War today between the Soviet empire and the free nations might dig the grave not only of our Stalinist opponents, but of our own society, our world as well as theirs. This transformation has been brought to pass in the seven years from Alamogordo to Eniwetok. It is only seven years, but the new force of atomic energy has turned the world into a very different kind of place. Science and technology have worked so fast that war's new meaning may not yet be grasped by all the peoples who would be its victims; nor, perhaps, by the rulers in the Kremlin. But I have been President of the United States, these seven years, responsible for the decisions which have brought our science and our engineering to their present place. I know what this development means now. I know something of what it will me to mean in the future. We in this Government realized, even before the first successful atomic explosion, that this new force spelled terrible danger for all mankind unless it were brought under international ntrol. We promptly advanced proposals in the United Nations to take this new source of energy out of the arena of national rivalries, to make it impossible to use it as a weapon of war. These proposals, so pregnant with benefit for all humanity, were rebuffed by the rulers of the Soviet Union. The language of science is universal, the movement of science is always forward into the unknown. We uld not assume that the Soviet Union would not develop the same weapon, regardless of all our precautions, nor that there were not other and even more terrible means of destruction lying in the unexplored field of atomic energy. We had no alternative, then, but to press on, to probe the secrets of atomic power to the uttermost of our capacity, to maintain, if we uld, our initial superiority in the atomic field. At the same time, we sought persistently for some avenue, some formula, for reaching an agreement with the Soviet rulers that would place this new form of power under effective restraints--that would guarantee no nation would use it in war. I do not have to reunt here the proposals we made, the steps taken in the United Nations, striving at least to open a way to ultimate agreement. I hope and believe that we will ntinue to make these efforts so long as there is the slightest possibility of progress. All civilized nations are agreed on the urgency of the problem, and have shown their willingness to agree on effective measures of ntrol--all save the Soviet Union and its satellites. But they have rejected every reasonable proposal. Meanwhile, the progress of scientific experiment has outrun our expectations. Atomic science is in the full tide of development; the unfolding of the innermost secrets of matter is uninterrupted and irresistible. Since Alamogordo we have developed atomic weapons with many times the explosive force of the early models, and we have produced them in substantial quantities. And recently, in the thermonuclear tests at Eniwetok, we have entered another stage in the world-shaking development of atomic energy. From now on, man moves into a new era of destructive power, capable of creating explosions of a new order of magnitude, dwarfing the mushroom clouds of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. We have no reason to think that the stage we have now reached in the release of atomic energy will be the last. Indeed, the speed of our scientific and technical progress over the last seven years shows no signs of abating. We are being hurried forward, in our mastery of the atom, from one disvery to another, toward yet unforeseeable peaks of destructive power. Inevitably, until we can reach international agreement, this is the path we must follow. And we must realize that no advance we make is unattainable by others, that no advantage in this race can be more than temporary. The war of the future would be one in which man uld extinguish millions of lives at one blow, demolish the great cities of the world, wipe out the cultural achievements of the past--and destroy the very structure of a civilization that has been slowly and painfully built up through hundreds of generations. Such a war is not a possible policy for rational men. We know this, but we dare not assume that others would not yield to the temptation science is now placing in their hands. With that in mind, there is something I would say, to Stalin: You claim belief in Lenin's prophecy that one stage in the development of mmunist society would be war between your world and ours. But Lenin was a pre-atomic man, who viewed society and history with pre-atomic eyes. Something profound has happened since he wrote. War has changed its shape and its dimension. It cannot now be a stage" in the development of anything save ruin for your regime and your homeland. I do not know how much time may elapse before the mmunist rulers bring themselves to regnize this truth. But when they do, they will find us eager to reach understandings that will protect the world from the danger it faces today. It is no wonder that some people wish that we had never succeeded in splitting the atom. But atomic power, like any other force of nature, is not evil in itself. Properly used, it is an instrumentality for human betterment. As a source of power, as a tool of scientific inquiry, it has untold possibilities. We are already making good progress in the nstructive use of atomic power. We uld do much more if we were free to ncentrate on its peaceful uses exclusively. Atomic power will be with us all the days of our lives. We cannot legislate it out of existence. We cannot ignore the dangers or the benefits it offers. I believe that man can harness the forces of the atom to work for the improvement of the lot of human beings everywhere. That is our goal. As a nation, as a people, we must understand this problem, we must handle this new force wisely through our democratic processes. Above all, we must strive, in all earnestness and good faith, to bring it under effective international ntrol. To do this will require much wisdom and patience and firmness. The awe-inspiring responsibility in this field now falls on a new Administration and a new Congress. I will give them my sup?port, as I am sure all our citizens will, in whatever nstructive steps they may take to make this newest of man's disveries a source of good and not of ultimate destruction. We cannot tell when or whether the attitude of the Soviet rulers may change. We do not know how long it may be before they show a willingness to negotiate effective ntrol of atomic energy and honorable settlements of other world problems. We cannot measure how deep-rooted are the Kremlin's illusions about us. We can be sure, however, that the rulers of the mmunist world will not change their basic objectives lightly or soon. The mmunist rulers have a sense of time about these things wholly unlike our own. We tend to divide our future into short spans, like the two-year life of this Congress, or the four years of the next Presidential term. They seem to think and plan in terms of generations. And there is, therefore, no easy, short-run way to make them see that their plans cannot prevail. This means there is ahead of us a long hard test of strength and stamina, between the free world and the mmunist domain-our politics and our enomy, our science and technology against the best they can do--our liberty against their slavery--our voluntary ncert Of free nations against their forced amalgam of people's republics"--our strategy against their strategy-our nerve against their nerve. Above all, this is a test of the will and the steadiness of the people of the United States. There has been no challenge like this in the history of our Republic. We are called upon to rise to the occasion, as no people before us. What is required of us is not easy. The way we must learn to live, the world we have to live in, cannot be so pleasant, safe or simple as most of us have known before, or nfidently hoped to know. Already we have had to sacrifice a number of accustomed ways of working and of living, much nervous energy, material resources, even human life. Yet if one thing is certain in our future, it is that more sacrifice still lies ahead. Were we to grow disuraged now, were we to weaken and slack off, the whole structure we have built, these past eight years, would me apart and fall away. Never then, no matter by what stringent means, uld our free world regain the ground, the time, the sheer momentum, lost by such a move. There can and should be changes and improvements in our programs, to meet new situations, serve new needs. But to desert the spirit of our basic policies, to step back from them now, would surely start the free world's slide toward the darkness that the mmunists have prophesied-toward the moment for which they watch and wait. If we value our freedom and our way of life and want to see them safe, we must meet the challenge and accept its implications, stick to our guns and carry out our policies. I have set out the basic nditions, as I see them, under which we have been working in the world, and the nature of our basic policies. What, then, of the future? The answer, I believe, is this: As we ntinue to nfound Soviet expectations, as our world grows stronger, more united, more attractive to men on both sides of the iron curtain, then inevitably there will me a time of change within the mmunist world. We do not know how that change will me about, whether by deliberate decision in the Kremlin, by up d'etat, by revolution, by defection of satellites, or perhaps by some unforeseen mbination of factors such as these. But if the mmunist rulers understand they cannot win by war, and if we frustrate their attempts to win by subversion, it is not too much to expect their world to change its character, moderate its aims, beme more realistic and less implacable, and recede from the ld war they began. Do not be deceived by the strong face, the look of monolithic power that the mmunist dictators wear before the outside world. Remember their power has no basis in nsent. Remember they are so afraid of the free world's ideas and ways of life, they do not dare to let their people know about them. Think of the massive effort they put forth to try to stop our Campaign of Truth from reaching their people with its message of freedom. The masters of the Kremlin live in fear their power and position would llapse were their own people to acquire knowledge, information, mprehension about our free society. Their world has many elements of strength, but this one fatal flaw: the weakness represented by their iron curtain and their police state. Surely, a social order at once so insecure and so fearful, must ultimately lose its mpetition with our free society. Provided just one thing--and this I urge you to nsider carefully--provided that the free world retains the nfidence and the determination to outmatch the best our adversary can acmplish and to demonstrate for uncertain millions on both sides of the iron curtain the superiority of the free way of life. That is the test upon all the free nations; upon none more than our own Republic. Our resources are equal to the task. We have the industry, the skills, the basic enomic strength. Above all, we have the vigor of free men in a free society. We have our liberties. And while we keep them, while we retain our democratic faith, the ultimate advantage in this hard mpetition lies with us, not with the mmunists. But there are some things that uld shift the advantage to their side. One of the things that uld defeat us is fear--fear of the task we face, fear of adjusting to it, fear that breeds more fear, sapping our faith, rroding our liberties, turning citizen against citizen, ally against ally. Fear uld snatch away the very values we are striving to defend. Already the danger signals have gone up. Already the rrosive process bas begun. And every diminution of our tolerance, each new act of enforced nformity, each idle accusation, each demonstration of hysteria-each new restrictive law--is one more sign that we can lose the battle against fear. The mmunists cannot deprive us of our liberties--fear can. The mmunists cannot stamp out our faith in human dignity-fear can. Fear is an enemy within ourselves, and if we do not root it out, it may destroy the very way of life we are so anxious to protect. To beat back fear, we must hold fast to our heritage as free men. We must renew our nfidence in one another, our tolerance, our sense of being neighbors, fellow citizens. We must take our stand on the Bill of Rights. The inquisition, the star chamber, have no place in a free society. Our ultimate strength lies, not alone in arms, but in the sense of moral values and moral truths that give meaning and vitality to the purposes of free people. These values are our faith, our inspiration, the source of our strength and our indomitable determination. We face hard tasks, great dangers. But we are Americans and we have faced hardships and uncertainty before, we have adjusted before to changing circumstances. Our whole history has been a steady training for the work it is now ours to do. No one can lose heart for the task, none can lose faith in our free ways, who stops to remember where we began, what we have sought, and what acmplished, all together as Americans. I have lived a long time and seen much happen in our untry. And I know out of my own experience, that we can do what must be done. When I think back to the untry I grew up in--and then look at what our untry has beme--I am quite certain that having done so much, we can do more. After all, it has been scarcely fifteen years since most Americans rejected out-of-hand the wise unsel that aggressors must be quarantined". The very ncept of llective security, the foundation-stone of all our actions now, was then strange doctrine, shunned and set aside. Talk about adapting; talk about adjusting; talk about responding as a people to the challenge of changed times and circumstances--there has never been a more spectacular example than this great change in America's outlook on the world. Let all of us pause now, think back, nsider carefully the meaning of our national experience. Let us draw mfort from it and faith, and nfidence in our future as Americans. The Nation's business is never finished. The basic questions we have been dealing with, these eight years past, present themselves anew. That is the way of our society. Circumstances change and current questions take on different forms, new mplications, year by year. But underneath, the great issues remain the same--prosperity, welfare, human rights, effective democracy, and above all, peace. Now we turn to the inaugural of our new President. And in the great work he is called upon to do he will have need for the support of a united people, a nfident people, with firm faith in one another and in our mmon cause. I pledge him my support as a citizen of our Republic, and I ask you to give him yours. "To him, to you, to all my fellow citizens, I say, Godspeed.   May God bless our untry and our cause." HARRY S. TRUMAN Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress: I have the honor to report to the Congress on the state of the Union. At the outset, I should like to speak of the necessity for putting first things first as we work together this year for the good of our untry. The United States and the whole free world are passing through a period of grave danger. Every action you take here in Congress, and every action that I take as President, must be measured against the test of whether it helps to meet that danger. This will be a presidential election year-the year in which politics plays a large part in our lives--a larger part than usual. That is perfectly proper. But we have a greater responsibility to nduct our political fights in a manner that does not harm the national interest. We can find plenty of things to differ about without destroying our free institutions and without abandoning our bipartisan foreign policy for peace. When everything is said and done, all of us--Republicans and Democrats alike--all of us are Americans; and we are all going to sink or swim together. We are moving through a perilous time. Faced with a terrible threat of aggression, our Nation has embarked upon a great effort to help establish the kind of world in which peace shall be secure. Peace is our goal-not peace at any price, but a peace based on freedom and justice. We are now in the midst of our effort to reach that goal. On the whole, we have been doing very well. Last year, , was a year in which we threw back aggression, added greatly to our military strength, and improved the chances for peace and freedom in many parts of the world. This year, , is a critical year in the defense effort of the whole free world. If we falter we can lose all the gains we have made. If we drive ahead, with urage and vigor and determination, we can by the end of be in a position of much greater security. The way will be dangerous for the years ahead, but if we put forth our best efforts this year--and next year--we can be over the hump" in our effort to build strong defenses. When we look at the rerd of the past year, , we find important things on both the credit and the debit side of the ledger. We have made great advances. At the same time we have run into new problems which must be overme. Now let us look at the credit side first. Peace depends upon the free nations sticking together, and making a mbined effort to check aggression and prevent war. In this respect, was a year of great achievement. In Korea the forces of the United Nations turned back the Chinese Communist invasion-and did it without widening the area of nflict. The action of the United Nations in Korea has been a powerful deterrent to a third world war. However, the situation in Korea remains very hazardous. The outme of the armistice negotiation still remains uncertain. In Indochina and Malaya, our aid has helped our allies to hold back the Communist advance, although there are signs of further trouble in that area. In we strengthened the chances of peace in the Pacific region by the treaties with Japan and the defense arrangements with Australia, New Zealand, and the Philippines. In Europe mbined defense has beme a reality. The free nations have created a real fighting force. This force is not yet as strong as it needs to be; but it is already a real obstacle to any attempt by hostile forces to sweep across Europe to the Atlantic. In we also moved to strengthen the security of Europe by the agreement to bring Greece and Turkey into the North Atlantic Treaty. The United Nations, the world's greatest hope for peace, has me through a year of trial stronger and more useful than ever. The free nations have stood together in blocking Communist attempts to tear up the charter. At the present session of the United Nations in Paris, we, together with the British and the French, offered a plan to reduce and ntrol all armaments under a foolproof inspection system. This is a ncrete, practical proposal for disarmament. But what happened Vishinsky laughed at it. Listen to what he said: I uld hardly sleep at all last night ... I uld not sleep because I kept laughing." The world will be a long time forgetting the spectacle of that fellow laughing at disarmament. Disarmament is not a joke. Vishinsky's laughter met with shock and anger from the people all over the world. And, as a result, Mr. Stalin's representative received orders to stop laughing and start talking. If the Soviet leaders were to accept this proposal, it would lighten the burden of armaments, and permit the resources of the earth to be devoted to the good of mankind. But until the Soviet Union accepts a sound disarmament proposal, and joins in peaceful settlements, we have no choice except to build up our defenses. During this past year we added more than a million men and women to our Armed Forces. The total is now nearly ½ million. We have made rapid progress in the field of atomic weapons. We have turned out billion worth of military supplies and equipment, three times as much as the year before. Enomic nditions in the untry are good. There are million people on the job; wages, farm inmes, and business profits are at high levels. Total production of goods and services in our untry has increased percent over last year--about twice the normal rate of growth. Perhaps the most amazing thing about our enomic progress is the way we are increasing our basic capacity to produce. For example, we are now in the send year of a -year program which will double our output of aluminum, increase our electric power supply by percent, and increase our steelmaking capacity by percent. We can then produce million tons of steel a year, as much as all the rest of the world put together. This expansion will mean more jobs and higher standards of living for all of us in the years ahead. At the present time it means greater strength for us and for the rest of the free world in the fight for peace. Now, I must turn to the debit side of the ledger for the past year. The outstanding fact to note on the debit side of the ledger is that the Soviet Union, in , ntinued to expand its military production and increase its already excessive military power. It is true that the Soviets have run into increasing difficulties. Their hostile policies have awakened stern resistance among free men throughout the world. And behind the Iron Curtain the Soviet rule of force has created growing political and enomic stresses in the satellite nations. Nevertheless, the grim fact remains that the Soviet Union is increasing its armed might. It is still producing more war planes than the free nations. It has set off two more atomic explosions. The world still walks in the shadow of another world war. And here at home, our defense preparations are far from mplete. During we did not make adequate progress in building up civil defense against atomic attack. This is a major weakness in our plans for peace, since inadequate civilian defense is an open invitation to a surprise attack. Failure to provide adequate civilian defense has the same effect as adding to the enemy's supply of atomic bombs. In the field of defense production we have run into difficulties and delays in designing and producing the latest types of airplanes and tanks. Some machine tools and metals are still in extremely short supply. In other free untries the defense buildup has created severe enomic problems. It has increased inflation in Europe and has endangered the ntinued revery of our allies. In the Middle East political tensions and the oil ntroversy in Iran are keeping the region in a turmoil. In the Far East the dark threat of Communist imperialism still hangs over many nations. This, very briefly, is the good side and the bad side of the picture. Taking the good and bad together, we have made real progress this last year along the road to peace. We have increased the power and unity of the free world. And while we were doing this, we have avoided world war on the one hand, and appeasement on the other. This is a hard road to follow, but the events of the last year show that it is the right road to peace. We cannot expect to mplete the job overnight. The free nations may have to maintain for years the larger military forces needed to deter aggression. We must build steadily, over a period of years, toward political solidarity and enomic progress among the free nations in all parts of the world. Our task will not be easy; but if we go at it with a will, we can look forward to steady progress. On our side are all the great resources of freedom--the ideals of religion and democracy, the aspiration of people for a better life, and the industrial and technical power of a free civilization. These advantages outweigh anything the slave world can produce. The only thing that can defeat us is our own state of mind. We can lose if we falter. The middle period of a great national effort like this is a very difficult time. The way seems long and hard. The goal seems far distant. Some people get disuraged. That is only natural. But if there are any among us who think we ought to ease up in the fight for peace, I want to remind them of three things--just three things. First: The threat of world war is still very real. We had one Pearl Harbor--let's not get caught off guard again. If you don't think the threat of Communist armies is real, talk to some of our men back from Korea. Send: If the United States had to try to stand alone against a Soviet-dominated world, it would destroy the life we know and the ideals we hold dear. Our allies are essential to us, just as we are essential to them. The more shoulders there are to bear the burden the lighter that burden will be. Third: The things we believe in most deeply are under relentless attack. We have the great responsibility of saving the basic moral and spiritual values of our civilization. We have started out well--with a program for peace that is unparalleled in history. If we believe in ourselves and the faith we profess, we will stick to that job until it is victoriously finished. "This is a time for urage, not for grumbling and mumbling.   Now, let us take a look at the things we have to do." The thing that is uppermost in the minds of all of us is the situation in Korea. We must, and we will, keep up the fight there until we get the kind of armistice that will put an end to the aggression and protect the safety of our forces and the security of the Republic of Korea. Beyond that we shall ntinue to work for a settlement in Korea that upholds the principles of the United Nations. We went into Korea because we knew that Communist aggression had to be met firmly if freedom was to be preserved in the world. We went into the fight to save the Republic of Korea, a free untry, established under the United Nations. These are our aims. We will not give up until we attain them. Meanwhile, we must ntinue to strengthen the forces of freedom throughout the world. I hope the Senate will take early and favorable action on the Japanese peace treaty, on our security pacts with the Pacific untries, and on the agreement to bring Greece and Turkey into the North Atlantic Treaty. We are also negotiating an agreement with the German Federal Republic under which it can play an honorable and equal part among nations and take its place in the defense of Western Europe. But treaties and plans are only the skeleton of our defense structure. The sinew and muscle of defense are the forces and equipment which must be provided. In Europe we must go on helping our friends and allies to build up their military forces. This means we must send weapons in large volume to our European allies. I have directed that weapons for Europe be given a very high priority. Enomic aid is necessary, too, to supply the margin of difference between success and failure in making Europe a strong partner in our joint defense. In the long run we want to see Europe freed from any dependence on our aid. Our European allies want that just as bad as we do. The steps that are now being taken to build European unity should help bring that about. Six European untries are pooling their al and steel production under the Schuman plan. Work is going forward on the merger of European national forces on the Continent into a single army. These great projects should beme realities in . We should do all we can to help and enurage the move toward a strong and united Europe. In Asia the new Communist empire is a daily threat to millions of people. The peoples of Asia want to be free to follow their own way of life. They want to preserve their culture and their traditions against mmunism, just as much as we want to preserve ours. They are laboring under terrific handicaps--poverty, ill health, feudal systems of land ownership, and the threat of internal subversion or external attack. We can and we must increase our help to them. This means military aid, especially to those places like Indochina which might be hardest hit by some new Communist attack. It also means enomic aid, both technical know-how and capital investment. This last year we made available millions of bushels of wheat to relieve famine in India. But far more important, in the long run, is the work Americans are doing in India to help the Indian farmers themselves raise more grain. With the help of our technicians, Indian farmers, using simple, inexpensive means, have been able since to double the crops in one area in India. One farmer there raised bushels of wheat to the acre, where bushels had been the average before. This is point --our point program at work. It is working--not only in India but in Iran, Paraguay, Liberia--in untries around the globe. Our technical missionaries are out there. We need more of them. We need more funds to speed their efforts, because there is nothing of greater importance in all our foreign policy. There is nothing that shows more clearly what we stand for, and what we want to achieve. My friends of the Congress, less than one-third of the expenditure for the st of World War II would have created the developments necessary to feed the whole world so we wouldn't have to stomach mmunism. That is what we have got to fight, and unless we fight that battle and win it, we can't win the ld war or a hot one either. We have recently lost a great public servant who was leading this effort to bring opportunity and hope to the people of half the world. Dr. Henry Bennett and his associates died in line of duty on a point mission. It is up to us to carry on the great work for which they gave their lives. During the ming year we must not forget the suffering of the people who live behind the Iron Curtain. In those areas minorities are being oppressed, human rights violated, religions persecuted. We should ntinue to expose those wrongs. We should ntinue and expand the activities of the Voice of America, which brings our message of hope and truth to those peoples and other peoples throughout the world. I have just had an opportunity to discuss many of these world problems with Prime Minister Churchill. We have had a most satisfactory series of meetings. We thoroughly reviewed the situation in Europe, the Middle East, and the Far East. We both look forward to steady progress toward peace through the operative action and teamwork of the free nations. Turning from our foreign policies, let us nsider the jobs we have here at home as a part of our program for peace. The first of these jobs is to move ahead full steam on the defense program. Our objective is to have a well-equipped active defense force large enough--in ncert with the forces of our allies--to deter aggression and to inflict punishing losses on the enemy immediately if we should be attacked. This active force must be backed by adequate reserves, and by the plants and tools to turn out the tremendous quantities of new weapons that would be needed if war came. We are not building an active force adequate to carry on full scale war, but we are putting ourselves in a position to mobilize very rapidly if we have to. This year I shall remmend some increases in the size of the active force we are building, with particular emphasis on air power. This means we shall have to ntinue large-scale production of planes and other equipment for a longer period of time than we had originally planned. Planes and tanks and other weapons-what the military call hard goods"--are now beginning to me off the production lines in volume. Deliveries of hard goods now amount to about a billion and a half dollars worth a month. A year from now, we expect that rate to be doubled. We shall have to hold to a high rate of military output for about a year after that. In we hope to have enough equipment so that we can reduce the production of most military items substantially. The next years should therefore be the peak period of defense production. Defense needs will take a lot of steel, aluminum, pper, nickel, and other scarce materials. This means smaller production of some civilian goods. The cutbacks will be nothing like those during World War II, when most civilian production was mpletely stopped. But there will be nsiderably less of some goods than we have been used to these past or years. The very critical part of our defense job this year is to keep down inflation. We can ntrol inflation if we make up our minds to do it. On the executive side of the Government, we intend to hold the line on prices just as tightly as the law allows. We will permit only those wage increases which are clearly justified under sound stabilization policies; and we will see to it that industries absorb st increases out of earnings wherever feasible, before they are authorized to raise prices. We will do that, at any rate, except where the recent amendments to the law specifically require us to give further price increases. Congress has a tremendous responsibility in this matter. Our stabilization law was shot full of holes at the last session. This year, it will be one of the main tasks before the Congress to repair the damage and enact a strong anti-inflation law. As a part of our program to keep our untry strong, we are determined to preserve the financial strength of the Government. This means high taxes over the next few years. We must see to it that these taxes are shared among the people as fairly as possible. I expect to discuss these matters in the Enomic Report and the Budget Message which will soon be presented to the Congress. Our tax laws must be fair. And we must make absolutely certain they are administered fairly, without fear or favor of any kind for anybody. To this end, steps have already been taken to remedy weaknesses which have been disclosed in the administration of the tax laws. In addition, I hope the Congress will approve my reorganization plan for the Bureau of Internal Revenue. We must do everything necessary in order to make just as certain as is humanly possible that every taxpayer receives equal treatment under the law. To carry the burden of defense we must have a strong, productive, and expanding enomy here at home. We cannot neglect those things that have made us the great and powerful nation we are today. Our strength depends upon the health, the morale, the freedom of our people. We can take on the burden of leadership in the fight for world peace because, for nearly years, the Government and the people have been working together for the general welfare. We have given more and more of out citizens a fair chance at decent, useful, productive lives. That is the reason we are as strong as we are today. This Government of ours--the Congress and the executive both--must keep on working to bring about a fair deal for all the American people. Some people will say that we haven't the time or the money this year for measures for the welfare of the people. But if we want to win the fight for peace, this is a part of the job we cannot ignore. We will have to give up some things, we will have to go forward on others at a slower pace. But, so far as I am ncerned, I do not think we can give up the things that are vital to our national strength. I believe most people in this untry will agree with me on that. I think most farmers understand that soil nservation and rural electrification and agricultural research are not frills or luxuries, but real necessities in order to boost our farm production. I think most workers understand that decent housing and good working nditions are not luxuries, but necessities if the working men and women of this untry are to ntinue to out-produce the rest of the world. I think our businessmen know that scientific research and transportation services and more steel mills and power projects are not luxuries, but necessities to keep our business and our industry in the forefront of industrial progress. I think everybody knows that social insurance and better schools and health services are not frills, but necessities in helping all Americans to be useful and productive citizens, who can ntribute their full share in the national effort to protect and advance our way of life. "We cannot do all we want to in times like these--we have to choose the things that will ntribute most to defense--but we must ntinue to make progress if we are to be a strong nation in the years ahead.   Let me give you some examples." We are going right ahead with the urgently needed work to develop our natural resources, to nserve our soil, and to prevent floods. We are going to produce essential power and build the lines that are necessary and that we have to have to transmit it to our farms and factories. We are going to enurage exploration for new mineral deposits. We are going to keep on building essential highways and taking any other steps that will assure the Nation an adequate transportation system--on land, on the sea, and in the air. We must move right ahead this year to see that defense workers and soldiers' families get decent housing at rents they can afford to pay. We must begin our long deferred program of Federal aid to education--to help the States meet the present crisis in the operation of our schools. And we must help with the nstruction of schools in areas where they are critically needed because of the defense effort. We urgently need to train more doctors and other health personnel, through aid to medical education. We also urgently need to expand the basic public health services in our home mmunities--especially in defense areas. The Congress should go ahead with these two measures immediately. I have set up an impartial mmission to make a thorough study of the Nation's health needs. One of the things this mmission is looking into is how to bring the st of modern medical care within the reach of all the people. I have repeatedly remmended national health insurance as the best way to do this. So far as I know, it is still the best way. If there are any better answers, I hope this mmission will find them. But of one thing I am sure: something must be done, and done soon. This year we ought to make a number of urgently needed improvements in our social security law. For one thing, benefits under old-age and survivors insurance should be raised a month above the present average of . For another thing, the States should be given special aid to help them increase public assistance payments. By doing these things now, we can ease the pressure of living sts for people who depend on those fixed payments. We should also make some st-of-living adjustments for those receiving veterans' mpensation for death or disability incurred in the service of our untry. In addition, now is the time to start a sensible program of readjustment benefits for our veterans who have seen service since the fighting broke out in Korea. Another thing the Congress should do at this session is to strengthen our system of farm price supports to meet the defense emergency. The sliding scale" in the price support law should not be allowed to penalize farmers for increasing production to meet defense needs. We should also find a new and less stly method for supporting perishable mmodities than the law now provides. We need to act promptly to improve our labor law. The Taft-Hartley Act has many serious and far-reaching defects. Experience has demonstrated this so clearly that even the sponsors of the act now admit that it needs to be changed. A fair law, fair to both management and labor, is indispensable to sound labor relations and to full, uninterrupted production. I intend to keep on working for a fair law until we get one. As we build our strength to defend the freedom in the world, we ourselves must extend the benefits of freedom more widely among all our own people. We need to take action toward the wider enjoyment of civil rights. Freedom is the birthright of every American. The executive branch has been making real progress toward full equality of treatment and opportunity--in the Armed Forces, in the civil service, and in private firms working for the Government. Further advances require action by Congress, and I hope that means will be provided to give the Members of the Senate and the House a chance to vote on them. I am glad to hear that home rule for the District of Columbia will be the first item of business before the Senate. I hope that it, as well as statehood for Hawaii and Alaska, will be adopted promptly. All these measures I have been talking about--measures to advance the well-being of our people--demonstrate to the world the forward movement of our free society. This demonstration of the way free men govern themselves has a more powerful influence on the people of the world--on both sides of the Iron Curtain--than all the trick slogans and pie-in-the-sky promises of the Communists. But our shortmings, as well as our progress, are watched from abroad. And there is one shortming I want to speak about plainly. Our kind of government above all others cannot tolerate dishonesty among public servants. Some dishonest people worm themselves into almost every human organization. It is all the more shocking, however, when they make their way into a Government such as ours, which is based on the principle of justice for all. Such unworthy public servants must be weeded out. I intend to see to it that Federal employees who have been guilty of misnduct are punished for it. I also intend to see to it that the honest and hard-working great majority of our Federal employees are protected against partisan slander and malicious attack. I have already made some remmendations to the Congress to help acmplish these purposes. I intend to submit further remmendations to this end. I will welme the wholehearted operation of the Congress in this effort. I also think that the Congress can do a great deal to strengthen nfidence in our institutions by applying rigorous standards of moral integrity to its own operations, and by finding an effective way to ntrol campaign expenditures, and by protecting the rights of individuals in ngressional investigations. To meet the crisis which now hangs over the world, we need many different kinds of strength--military, enomic, political, and moral. And of all these, I am nvinced that moral strength is the most vital. When you me right down to it, it is the urage and the character of our Nation--and of each one of us as individuals-that will really decide how well we meet this challenge. We are engaged in a great undertaking at home and abroad--the greatest, in fact, that any nation has ever been privileged to embark upon. We are working night and day to bring peace to the world and to spread the democratic ideals of justice and self-government to all people. Our acmplishments are already remarkable. We ought to be full of pride in what we are doing, and full of nfidence and hope in the outme. No nation ever had greater resources, or greater energy, or nobler traditions to inspire it. And yet, day in and day out, we see a long procession of timid and fearful men who wring their hands and cry out that we have lost the way, that we don't know what we are doing, that we are bound to fail. Some say we should give up the struggle for peace, and others say we should have a war and get it over with. That's a terrible statement. I had heard it made, but they want us to forget the great objective of preventing another world war--the objective for which our soldiers have been fighting in the hills of Korea. If we are to be worthy of all that has been done for us by our soldiers in the field, we must be true to the ideals for which they are fighting. We must reject the unsels of defeat and despair. We must have the determination to mplete the great work for which our men have laid down their lives. In all we do, we should remember who we are and what we stand for. We are Americans. Our forefathers had far greater obstacles than we have, and much poorer chances of success. They did not lose heart, or turn aside from their goals. In the darkest of all winters in American history, at Valley Forge, George Washington said: We must not, in so great a ntest, expect to meet with nothing but sunshine." With that spirit they won their fight for freedom. We must have that same faith and vision. In the great ntest in which we are engaged today, we cannot expect to have fair weather all the way. But it is a ntest just as important for this untry and for all men, as the desperate struggle that George Washington fought through to victory. Let us prove, again, that we are not merely sunshine patriots and summer soldiers. Let us go forward, trusting in the God of Peace, to win the goals we seek. Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress: This d Congress faces as grave a task as any Congress in the history of our Republic. The actions you take will be watched by the whole world. These actions will measure the ability of a free people, acting through their chosen representatives and their free institutions, to meet a deadly challenge to their way of life. "We can meet this challenge foolishly or wisely. We can meet it timidly or bravely, shamefully or honorably. I know that the d Congress will meet this challenge in a way worthy of our great heritage. I know that your debates will be earnest, responsible, nstructive, and to the point. I know that from these debates there will me the great decisions needed to carry us forward." At this critical time, I am glad to say that our untry is in a healthy ndition. Our democratic institutions are sound and strong. We have more men and women at work than ever before. We are able to produce more than ever before--in fact, far more than any untry ever produced in the history of the world. "I am nfident that we can succeed in the great task that lies before us. We will succeed, but we must all do our part. We must all act together as citizens of this great Republic." As we meet here today, American soldiers are fighting a bitter campaign in Korea. We pay tribute to their urage, devotion, and gallantry. Our men are fighting, alongside their United Nations allies, because they know, as we do, that the aggression in Korea is part of the attempt of the Russian Communist dictatorship to take over the world, step by step. Our men are fighting a long way from home, but they are fighting for our lives and our liberties. They are fighting to protect our right to meet here today--our right to govern ourselves as a free nation. The threat of world nquest by Soviet Russia endangers our liberty and endangers the kind of world in which the free spirit of man can survive. This threat is aimed at all peoples who strive to win or defend their own freedom and national independence. Indeed, the state of our Nation is in great part the state of our friends and allies throughout the world. The gun that points at them points at us, also. The threat is a total threat and the danger is a mmon danger. All free nations are exposed and all are in peril. Their only security lies in banding together. No one nation can find protection in a selfish search for a safe haven from the storm. The free nations do not have any aggressive purpose. We want only peace in the world--peace for all untries. No threat to the security of any nation is ncealed in our plans and programs. We had hoped that the Soviet Union, with its security assured by the Charter of the United Nations, would be willing to live and let live. But I am sorry to say that has not been the case. The imperialism of the czars has been replaced by the even more ambitious, more crafty, and more menacing imperialism of the rulers of the Soviet Union. This new imperialism has powerful military forces. It is keeping millions of men under arms. It has a large air force and a strong submarine force. It has mplete ntrol of the men and equipment of its satellites. It has kept its subject peoples and its enomy in a state of perpetual mobilization. The present rulers of the Soviet Union have shown that they are willing to use this power to destroy the free nations and win domination over the whole world. The Soviet imperialists have two ways of going about their destructive work. They use the method of subversion and internal revolution, and they use the method of external aggression. In preparation for either of these methods of attack, they stir up class strife and disorder. They enurage sabotage. They put out poisonous propaganda. They deliberately try to prevent enomic improvement. If their efforts are successful, they foment a revolution, as they did in Czechoslovakia and China, and as they tried, unsuccessfully, to do in Greece. If their methods of subversion are blocked, and if they think they can get away with outright warfare, they resort to external aggression. This is what they did when they loosed the armies of their puppet states against the Republic of Korea, in an evil war by proxy. We of the free world must be ready to meet both of these methods of Soviet action. We must not neglect one or the other. The free world has power and resources to meet these two forms of aggression--resources that are far greater than those of the Soviet dictatorship. We have skilled and vigorous peoples, great industrial strength, and abundant sources of raw materials. And above all, we cherish liberty. Our mmon ideals are a great part of our strength. These ideals are the driving force of human progress. "The free nations believe in the dignity and the worth of man. We believe in independence for all nations." We believe that free and independent nations can band together into a world order based on law. We have laid the rnerstone of such a peaceful world in the United Nations. We believe that such a world order can and should spread the benefits of modern science and industry, better health and education, more food and rising standards of living--throughout the world. These ideals give our cause a power and vitality that Russian mmunism can never mmand. The free nations, however, are bound together by more than ideals. They are a real mmunity bound together also by the ties of self-interest and self-preservation. If they should fall apart, the results would be fatal to human freedom. Our own national security is deeply involved with that of the other free nations. While they need our support, we equally need theirs. Our national safety would be gravely prejudiced if the Soviet Union were to succeed in harnessing to its war machine the resources and the manpower of the free nations on the borders of its empire. If Western Europe were to fall to Soviet Russia, it would double the Soviet supply of al and triple the Soviet supply of steel. If the free untries of Asia and Africa should fall to Soviet Russia, we would lose the sources of many of our most vital raw materials, including uranium, which is the basis of our atomic power. And Soviet mmand of the manpower of the free nations of Europe and Asia would nfront us with military forces which we uld never hope to equal. In such a situation, the Soviet Union uld impose its demands on the world, without resort to nflict, simply through the preponderance of its enomic and military power. The Soviet Union does not have to attack the United States to secure domination of the world. It can achieve its ends by isolating us and swallowing up all our allies. Therefore, even if we were craven enough I do not believe we uld be--but, I say, even if we were craven enough to abandon our ideals, it would be disastrous for us to withdraw from the mmunity of free nations. We are the most powerful single member of this mmunity, and we have a special responsibility. We must take the leadership in meeting the challenge to freedom and in helping to protect the rights of independent nations. This untry has a practical, realistic program of action for meeting this challenge. First, we shall have to extend enomic assistance, where it can be effective. The best way to stop subversion by the Kremlin is to strike at the roots of social injustice and enomic disorder. People who have jobs, homes, and hopes for the future will defend themselves against the underground agents of the Kremlin. Our programs of enomic aid have done much to turn back Communism. In Europe the Marshall plan has had an electrifying result. As European revery progressed, the strikes led by the Kremlin's agents in Italy and France failed. All over Western Europe the Communist Party took worse and worse beatings at the polls. The untries which have received Marshall plan aid have been able, through hard work, to expand their productive strength-in many cases, to levels higher than ever before in their history. Without this strength they would be mpletely incapable of defending themselves today. They are now ready to use this strength in helping to build a strong mbined defense against aggression. We shall need to ntinue some enomic aid to European untries. This aid should now be specifically related to the building of their defenses. In other parts of the world our enomic assistance will need to be more broadly directed toward enomic development. In the Near East, in Africa, in Asia, we must do what we can to help people who are striving to advance from misery, poverty, and hunger. We must also ntinue to help the enomic growth of our good neighbors in this hemisphere. These actions will bring greater strength for the free world. They will give many people a real stake in the future and reason to defend their freedom. They will mean increased production of goods they need and materials we need. Send, we shall need to ntinue our military assistance to untries which want to defend themselves. The heart of our mmon defense effort is the North Atlantic mmunity. The defense of Europe is the basis for the defense of the whole free world--ourselves included. Next to the United States, Europe is the largest workshop in the world. It is also a homeland of the great religious beliefs shared by many of our citizens beliefs which are now threatened by the tide of atheistic mmunism. Strategically, enomically, and morally, the defense of Europe is a part of our own defense. That is why we have joined with the untries of Europe in the North Atlantic Treaty, pledging ourselves to work with them. There has been much discussion recently over whether the European untries are willing to defend themselves. Their actions are answering this question. Our North Atlantic Treaty partners have strict systems of universal military training. Several have recently increased the term of service. All have taken measures to improve the quality of training. Forces are being trained and expanded as rapidly as the necessary arms and equipment can be supplied from their factories and ours. Our North Atlantic Treaty partners, together, are building armies bigger than our own. None of the North Atlantic Treaty untries, including our own untry, has done enough yet. But real progress is being made. Together, we have worked out defense plans. The military leaders of our own untry took part in working out these plans, and are agreed that they are sound and within our capabilities. To put these plans into action, we sent to Europe last week one of our greatest military mmanders, General Dwight D. Eisenhower. General Eisenhower went to Europe to assume mmand of the united forces of the North Atlantic Treaty untries, including our own forces in Germany. The people of Europe have nfidence in General Eisenhower. They know his ability to put together a fighting force of allies. His mission is vital to our security. We should all stand behind him, and give him every bit of help we can. Part of our job will be to reinforce the military strength of our European partners by sending them weapons and equipment as our military production expands. Our program of military assistance extends to the nations in the Near East and the Far East which are trying to defend their freedom. Soviet mmunism is trying to make these nations into lonies, and to use their people as cannon fodder in new wars of nquest. We want their people to be free men and to enjoy peace. Our untry has always stood for freedom for the peoples of Asia. Long, long ago it stood for the freedom of the peoples of Asia. Our history shows this. We have demonstrated it in the Philippines. We have demonstrated it in our relations with Indonesia, India, and with China. We hope to join in restoring the people of Japan to membership in the mmunity of free nations. It is in the Far East that we have taken up arms, under the United Nations, to preserve the principle of independence for free nations. We are fighting to keep the forces of Communist aggression from making a slave state out of Korea. Korea has tremendous significance for the world. It means that free nations, acting through the United Nations, are fighting together against aggression. We will understand the importance of this best if we look back into history. If the democracies had stood up against the invasion of Manchuria in , or the attack on Ethiopia in , or the seizure of Austria in , if they had stood together against aggression on those occasions as the United Nations has done in Korea, the whole history of our time would have been different. The principles for which we are fighting in Korea are right and just. They are the foundations of llective security and of the future of free nations. Korea is not only a untry undergoing the torment of aggression; it is also a symbol. It stands for right and justice in the world against oppression and slavery. The free world must always stand for these principles--and we will stand with the free world. As the third part of our program, we will ntinue to work for peaceful settlements in international disputes. We will support the United Nations and remain loyal to the great principles of international operation laid down in its charter. We are willing, as we have always been, to negotiate honorable settlements with the Soviet Union. But we will not engage in appeasement. The Soviet rulers have made it clear that we must have strength as well as right on our side. If we build our strength--and we are building it--the Soviet rulers may face the facts and lay aside their plans to take over the world. That is what we hope will happen, and that is what we are trying to bring about. That is the only realistic road to peace. These are the main elements of the urse our Nation must follow as a member of the mmunity of free nations. These are the things we must do to preserve our security and help create a peaceful world. But they will be successful only if we increase the strength of our own untry. Here at home we have some very big jobs to do. We are building much stronger military forces--and we are building them fast. We are preparing for full wartime mobilization, if that should be necessary. And we are ntinuing to build a strong and growing enomy, able to maintain whatever effort may be required for as long as necessary. We are building our own Army, Navy, and Air Force to an active strength of nearly / million men and women. We are stepping up the training of the reserve forces, and establishing more training facilities, so that we can rapidly increase our active forces far more on short notice. We are going to produce all the weapons and equipment that such an armed force will need. Furthermore, we will make weapons for our allies, and weapons for our own reserve supplies. On top of this, we will build the capacity to turn out on short notice arms and supplies that may be needed for a full-scale war. Fortunately, we have a good start on this because of our enormous plant capacity and because of the equipment on hand from the last war. For example, many mbat ships are being returned to active duty from the mothball fleet" and many others can be put into service on very short notice. We have large reserves of arms and ammunition and thousands of workers skilled in arms production. In many cases, however, our stocks of weapons are low. In other cases, those on hand are not the most modern. We have made remarkable technical advances. We have developed new types of jet planes and powerful new tanks. We are ncentrating on producing the newest types of weapons and producing them as fast as we can. This production drive is more selective than the one we had during World War II, but it is just as urgent and intense. It is a big program and it is a stly one. Let me give you two ncrete examples. Our present program calls for expanding the aircraft industry so that it will have the capacity to produce , modern military planes a year. We are preparing the capacity to produce , tanks a year. We are not now ordering that many planes or that many tanks, and we hope that we never have to, but we mean to be able to turn them out if we need them. The planes we are producing now are much bigger, much better, and much more expensive than the planes we had during the last war. We used to think that the B- was a huge plane, and the blockbuster it carried a huge load. But the B- can carry five of these blockbusters in its belly, and it can carry them five times as far. Of urse, the B- is much more mplicated to build than the B-, and far more expensive. One B- sts ,, while now one B- sts ½ million. I ask you to remember that what we are doing is to provide the best and most modern military equipment in the world for our fighting forces. "This kind of defense production program has two parts. The first part is to get our defense production going as fast as possible. We have to nvert plants and channel materials to defense production. This means heavy cuts in civilian uses of pper, aluminum, rubber, and other essential materials. It means shortages in various nsumer goods." The send part is to increase our capacity to produce and to keep our enomy strong for the long pull. We do not know how long Communist aggression will threaten the world. Only by increasing our output can we carry the burden of preparedness for an indefinite period in the future. This means that we will have to build more power plants and more steel mills, grow more tton, mine more pper, and expand our capacity in many other ways. The Congress will need to nsider legislation, at this session, affecting all the aspects of our mobilization job. The main subjects on which legislation will be needed are: "First, appropriations for our military buildup. Send, extension and revision of the Selective Service Act. Third, military and enomic aid to help build up the strength of the free world. Fourth, revision and extension of the authority to expand production and to stabilize prices, wages, and rents. Fifth, improvement of our agricultural laws to help obtain the kinds of farm products we need for the defense effort. Sixth, improvement of our labor laws to help provide stable labor-management relations and to make sure that we have steady production in this emergency." "Seventh, housing and training of defense workers and the full use of all our manpower resources. Eighth, means for increasing the supply of doctors, nurses, and other trained medical personnel critically needed for the defense effort. Ninth, aid to the States to meet the most urgent needs of our elementary and sendary schools. Some of our plans will have to be deferred for the time being. But we should do all we can to make sure our children are being trained as good and useful citizens in the critical times ahead. Tenth, a major increase in taxes to meet the st of the defense effort." "The Enomic Report and the Budget Message will discuss these subjects further. In addition, I shall send to the Congress special messages ntaining detailed remmendations on legislation needed at this Session." In the months ahead the Government must give priority to activities that are urgent--like military procurement and atomic energy and power development. It must practice rigid enomy in its nondefense activities. Many of the things we would normally do must be curtailed or postponed. But in a long-term defense effort like this one, we cannot neglect the measures needed to maintain a strong enomy and a healthy democratic society. The Congress, therefore, should give ntinued attention to the measures which our untry will need for the long pull. And it should act upon such legislation as promptly as circumstances permit. To take just one example--we need to ntinue and mplete the work of rounding out our system of social insurance. We still need to improve our protection against unemployment and old age. We still need to provide insurance against the loss of earnings through sickness, and against the high sts of modern medical care. And above all, we must remember that the fundamentals of our strength rest upon the freedoms of our people. We must ntinue our efforts to achieve the full realization of our democratic ideals. We must uphold the freedom of speech and the freedom of nscience in our land. We must assure equal rights and equal opportunities to all our citizens. As we go forward this year in the defense of freedom, let us keep dearly before us the nature of our present effort. We are building up our strength, in ncert with other free nations, to meet the danger of aggression that has been turned loose on the world. The strength of the free nations is the world's best hope of peace. "I ask the Congress for unity in these crucial days. Make no mistake about my meaning. I do not ask, or expect, unanimity. I do not ask for an end to debate. Only by debate can we arrive at decisions which are wise, and which reflect the desires of the American people. We do not have a dictatorship in this untry, and we never will have one in this untry." When I request unity, what I am really asking for is a sense of responsibility on the part of every Member of this Congress. Let us debate the issues, but let every man among us weigh his words and his deeds. There is a sharp difference between harmful criticism and nstructive criticism. If we are truly responsible as individuals, I am sure that we will be unified as a government. Let us keep our eyes on the issues and work for the things we all believe in. Let each of us put our untry ahead of our party, and ahead of our own personal interests. I had the honor to be a Member of the Senate during World War II, and I know from experience that unity of purpose and of effort is possible in the Congress without any lessening of the vitality of our two-party system. Let us all stand together as Americans. Let us stand together with all men everywhere who believe in human liberty. Peace is precious to us. It is the way of life we strive for with all the strength and wisdom we possess. But more precious than peace are freedom and justice. We will fight, if fight we must, to keep our freedom and to prevent justice from being destroyed. "These are the things that give meaning to our lives, and which we acknowledge to be greater than ourselves. This is our cause--peace, freedom, justice. We will pursue this cause with determination and humility, asking divine guidance that in all we do we may follow the will of God." Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress: A year ago I reported to this Congress that the state of the Union was good. I am happy to be able to report to you today that the state of the Union ntinues to be good. Our Republic ntinues to increase in the enjoyment of freedom within its borders, and to offer strength and enuragement to all those who love freedom throughout the world. During the past year we have made notable progress in strengthening the foundations of peace and freedom, abroad and at home. We have taken important steps in securing the North Atlantic mmunity against aggression. We have ntinued our successful support of European revery. We have returned to our established policy of expanding international trade through reciprocal agreement. We have strengthened our support of the United Nations. While great problems still nfront us, the greatest danger has receded--the possibility which faced us years ago that most of Europe and the Mediterranean area might llapse under totalitarian pressure. Today, the free peoples of the world have new vigor and new hope for the cause of peace. In our domestic affairs, we have made notable advances toward broader opportunity and a better life for all our citizens. We have met and reversed the first significant downturn in enomic activity since the war. In acmplishing this, Government programs for maintaining employment and purchasing power have been of tremendous benefit. As the result of these programs, and the wisdom and good judgment of our businessmen and workers, major readjustments have been made without widespread suffering. During the past year, we have also made a good start in providing housing for low-inme groups; we have raised minimum wages; we have gone forward with the development of our natural resources; we have given a greater assurance of stability to the farmer; and we have improved the organization and efficiency of our Government. "Today, by the grace of God, we stand a free and prosperous nation with greater possibilities for the future than any people ever had before in the history of the world.   We are now, in this year of , nearing the midpoint of the th century." The first half of this century will be known as the most turbulent and eventful period in rerded history. The swift pace of events promises to make the next years decisive in the history of man on this planet. The scientific and industrial revolution which began two centuries ago has, in the last years, caught up the peoples of the globe in a mmon destiny. Two worldshattering wars have proved that no rner of the earth can be isolated from the affairs of mankind. The human race has reached a turning point. Man has opened the secrets of nature and mastered new powers. If he uses them wisely, he can reach new heights of civilization. If he uses them foolishly, they may destroy him. Man must create the moral and legal framework for the world which will insure that his new powers are used for good and not for evil. In shaping the outme, the people of the United States will play a leading role. Among all the great changes that have occurred in the last years, none is more important than the change in the position of the United States in world affairs. Fifty years ago we were a untry devoted largely to our own internal affairs. Our industry was growing, and we had new interests in the Far East and in the Caribbean, but we were primarily ncerned with the development of vast areas of our own ntinental territory. Today, our population has doubled. Our national production has risen from about billion, in terms of today's prices, to the staggering figure of billion a year. We have a more productive enomic system and a greater industrial potential than any other nation on the globe. Our standard of living is an inspiration for all other peoples. Even the slightest changes in our enomic and social life have their effect on other untries all around the world. Our tremendous strength has brought with it tremendous responsibilities. We have moved from the outer edge to the center of world affairs. Other nations look to us for a wise exercise of our enomic and military strength, and for vigorous support of the ideals of representative government and a free society. We will not fail them. Our objective in the world is peace. Our untry has joined with others in the task of achieving peace. We know now that this is not an easy task, or a short one. But we are determined to see it through. Both of our great political parties are mmitted to working together--and I am sure they will ntinue to work together--to achieve this end. We are prepared to devote our energy and our resources to this task, because we know that our own security and the future of mankind are at stake. Right here, I want to say that no one appreciates more than I the bipartisan operation in foreign affairs which has been enjoyed by this administration. Our success in working with other nations to achieve peace depends largely on what we do at home. We must preserve our national strength. Strength is not simply a matter of arms and force. It is a matter of enomic growth, and social health, and vigorous institutions, public and private. We can achieve peace only if we maintain our productive energy, our democratic institutions, and our firm belief in individual freedom. Our surest guide in the days that lie ahead will be the spirit in which this great Republic was rounded. We must make our decisions in the nviction that all men are created equal, that they are equally entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and that the duty of government is to serve these ends. "This untry of ours has experienced many blessings, but none greater than its dedication to these principles. At every point in our history, these ideals have served to rrect our failures and shortmings, to spur us on to greater efforts, and to keep clearly before us the primary purpose of our existence as a nation. They have enshrined for us, a principle of government, the moral imperative to do justice, and the divine mmand to men to love one another.   These principles give meaning to all that we do." In foreign policy, they mean that we can never be tolerant of oppression or tyranny. They mean that we must throw our weight on the side of greater freedom and a better life for all peoples. These principles nfirm us in carrying out the specific programs for peace which we have already begun. We shall ntinue to give our wholehearted support to the United Nations. We believe that this organization can ultimately provide the framework of international law and morality without which mankind cannot survive. It has already set up new standards for the nduct of nations in the Declaration of Human Rights and the Convention on Genocide. It is moving ahead to give meaning to the ncept of world brotherhood through a wide variety of cultural, enomic, and technical activities. The events of the past year again showed the value of the United Nations in bringing about the peaceful adjustment of tense international ntroversies. In Indonesia and in Palestine the efforts of the United Nations have put a stop to bloodshed and paved the way to peaceful settlements. We are working toward the time when the United Nations will ntrol weapons of mass destruction and will have the forces to preserve international law and order. While the world remains unsettled, however, and as long as our own security and the security of the free world require, we will maintain a strong and well-balanced defense organization. The Selective Service System is an essential part of our defense plans, and it must be ntinued. Under the principles of the United Nations Charter we must ntinue to share in the mmon defense of free nations against aggression. At the last session this Congress laid the basis for this joint effort. We now must put into effect the mmon defense plans that are being worked out. We shall ntinue our efforts for world enomic revery, because world prosperity is the only sure foundation of a permanent peace. As an immediate means to this end we must ntinue our support of the European revery program. This program has achieved great success in the first years of its operation, but it has not yet been mpleted. If we were to stop this program now, or cripple it, just because it is succeeding, we should be doing exactly what the enemies of democracy want us to do. We should be just as foolish as a man who, for reasons of false enomy, failed to put a roof on his house after building the foundation and the walls. World prosperity also requires that we do all we can to expand world trade. As a major step in this direction we should promptly join the International Trade Organization. The purpose of this organization, which the United States has been foremost in creating, is to establish a de of fair practice, and an international authority for adjusting differences in international mmercial relations. It is an effort to prevent the kind of anarchy and irresponsibility in world trade which did so much to bring about the world depression of the 's. An expanding world enomy requires the improvement of living standards and the development of resources in areas where human poverty and misery now prevail. Without such improvement the revery of Europe and the future of our own enomy will not be secure. I urge that the Congress adopt the legislation now before it to provide for increasing the flow of technical assistance and capital investment in underdeveloped regions. It is more essential now than ever, if the ideals of freedom and representative government are to prevail in these areas, and particularly in the Far East, that their peoples experience, in their own lives, the benefits of scientific and enomic advances. This program will require the movement of large amounts of capital from the industrial nations, and particularly from the United States, to productive uses in the underdeveloped areas of the world. Recent world events make prompt action imperative. This program is in the interest of all peoples-and has nothing in mmon with either the old imperialism of the last century or the new imperialism of the Communists. Our aim for a peaceful, democratic world of free peoples will be achieved in the long run, not by force of arms, but by an appeal to the minds and hearts of men. If the peace policy of the democratic nations is to be successful, they must demonstrate that the benefits of their way of life can be increased and extended to all nations and all races. In the world today we are nfronted with the danger that the rising demand of people everywhere for freedom and a better life may be rrupted and betrayed by the false promises of mmunism. In its ruthless struggle for power, mmunism seizes upon our imperfections, and takes advantage of the delays and setbacks which the democratic nations experience in their effort to secure a better life for their citizens. This challenge to us is more than a military challenge. It is a challenge to the honesty of our profession of the democratic faith; it is a challenge to the efficiency and stability of our enomic system; it is a challenge to the willingness to work with other peoples for world peace and for world prosperity. For my part I welme that challenge. I believe that our untry, at this crucial point in world history, will meet that challenge successfully. I believe that, in operation with the other free nations of the world, we shall extend the full benefits of the democratic way of life to millions who do not now enjoy them, and preserve mankind from dictatorship and tyranny. I believe that we shall succeed in our struggle for this peace, because I have seen the success we have had in our own untry in following the principles of freedom. Over the last years, the ideals of liberty and equal opportunity to which this Nation is dedicated have been increasingly realized in the lives of our people. The ideal of equal opportunity no longer means simply the opportunity which a man has to advance beyond his fellows. Some of our citizens do achieve greater success than others as a reward for individual merit and effort, and this is as it should be. At the same time our untry must be more than a land of opportunity for a select few. It must be a land of opportunity for all of us. In such a land we can grow and prosper together. The simple truth that we can all go forward together is often questioned by selfish or shortsighted persons. It is strange that this is so, for this proposition is so clearly demonstrated by our national history. During the last years, for example, our Nation has grown enormously in material well-being. This growth has me about, not by ncentrating the benefits of our progress in the hands of a few, but by increasing the wealth of the great body of our Nation and our citizens. In the last years the inme of the average family has increased so greatly that its buying power has doubled. The average hours of work have declined from to a week, the whole hourly production of the average worker has tripled. Average wages, allowing for price changes, have increased from about cents an hour to . an hour. We have acmplished what to earlier ages of mankind would have been a miracle--we work shorter hours, we produce more, and we live better. Increasing freedom from poverty and drudgery has given a fuller meaning to American life. Our people are better educated; we have more opportunities for travel and recreation and enjoyment of the arts. We enjoy more personal liberty in the United States today than ever before. If we can ntinue in the spirit of operative adventure which has marked the recent years of our progress, we can expect further scientific advances, further increases in our standard of living, and a still wider enjoyment of democratic freedom. No one, of urse, can foretell the future exactly. However, if we assume that we shall grow as fast in the future as we have grown in the past, we can get a good idea of how much our untry should grow in the next years. At present our total national production is billion a year. Our working population and our output per worker are increasing. If our productive power ntinues to increase at the same rate as it has increased over the past years, our total national production years from now will be nearly four times as much as it is today. Allowing for the expected growth in population, this would mean that the real inme of the average family in the year A.D. would be about three times what it is today. These are estimates of what we can do in the future, but we can reach these heights only if we follow the right policies. We have learned by bitter experience that progress is not automatic--that wrong policies lead to depression and disaster. We cannot achieve these gains unless we have a stable enomy and avoid the catastrophes of boom and bust that have set us back in the past. These gains cannot be achieved unless our businessmen maintain their spirit of initiative and enterprise and operate in a mpetitive enomy. They cannot be achieved unless our workingmen and women and their unions help to increase productivity and obtain for labor a fair share of the benefits of our enomic system. They cannot be achieved unless we have a stable and prosperous agriculture. They cannot be achieved unless we nserve and develop our natural resources in the public interest. Our system will not work unless our people are healthy, well-educated, and nfident of the future. It will not work unless all citizens can participate fully in our national life. In achieving these gains the Government has a special responsibility to help create and maintain the nditions which will permit the growth we know is possible. Foremost among these nditions is the need for a fair distribution of our increasing prosperity among all the great groups of our population who help to bring it about-labor, business, agriculture. Businessmen must ntinue to have the incentives necessary for investment and for the development of new lines of enterprise. In the future growth of this untry, lie possibilities for hundreds of thousands of new and independent businesses. As our national production increases, as it doubles and redoubles in the next years, the number of independent and mpeting enterprises should also increase. If the number does not increase, our nstantly growing enomy will fall under the ntrol of a few dominant enomic groups whose powers will be so great that they will be a challenge to democratic institutions. To avoid this danger, we must curb monopoly and provide aids to independent business so that it may have the credit and capital to mpete in a system of free enterprise. I remmend that the Congress mplete action at this session on the pending bill to close the loopholes in the Clayton Act which now permit monopolistic mergers. I also hope before this session is over to transmit to the Congress a series of proposals to strengthen the antimonopoly laws, to assist small business, and to enurage the growth of new enterprises. In the case of labor, free llective bargaining must be protected and enuraged. Collective bargaining is not only a fundamental enomic freedom for labor. It is also a strengthening and stabilizing influence for our whole enomy. The Federal statute now governing labor relations is punitive in purpose and one-sided in operation. This statute is, and always has been, innsistent with the practice of true and effective llective bargaining. It should be repealed and replaced by a law that is fair to all and in harmony with our democratic ideals. A full understanding of the problems of modern labor relations is of such importance that I remmend the establishment of a labor extension service to enurage educational activities in this field. Another essential for our ntinued growth is a stable and prosperous agriculture. For many years we have been building a program to give the farmer a reasonable measure of protection against the special hazards to which he is exposed. That program was improved at the last session of the Congress. However, our farm legislation is still not adequate. Although the Congress has properly declared as a matter of national policy that safeguards must be maintained against slumps in farm prices, there are serious shortmings in the methods now available for carrying out this policy. Mandatory price supports should be provided for the mmodities not now vered which are major sources of farm inme. Moreover, we should provide a method of supporting farm inme at fair levels which will, at the same time, avoid piling up unmanageable surpluses and allow nsumers to obtain the full benefit of our abundant agricultural production. A system of production payments gives the greatest promise of acmplishing this purpose. I remmend that the use of such a system be authorized. One of the most important factors in our ntinued growth is the nstruction of more good, up-to-date housing. In a untry such as ours there is no reason why decent homes should not be within the reach of all. With the help of various Government programs we have made great progress in the last few years in increasing the number of homes. Despite this increase, there is still an acute shortage of housing for the lower and middle-inme groups, especially in large metropolitan areas. We have laid the groundwork for relieving the plight of lower-inme families in the Housing Act of . To aid the middle-inme families, I remmend that the Congress enact new legislation authorizing a vigorous program to help operatives and other nonprofit groups build housing which these families can afford. Rent ntrol has done a great deal to prevent the housing shortage from having had worse effects during this postwar period of adjustment. Rent ntrol is still necessary to prevent widespread hardship and sharp curtailment of the buying power of millions of nsumers in metropolitan areas. I remmend, therefore, that rent ntrol be ntinued for another year. If we are to achieve a better life for all, the natural resources of the untry must be regarded as a public trust. We must use our precious assets of soil, water, and forest, and grassland in such a way that they beme nstantly more productive and more valuable. Government investment in the nservation and development of our resources is necessary to the future enomic expansion of the untry. We need to enlarge the production and transmission of public power. That is true not only in those regions which have already received great benefits from Federal power projects, but also in regions such as New England where the benefits of large-scale public power development have not yet been experienced. In our hydroelectric and irrigation undertakings, as well as in our other resource programs, we must ntinue policies to assure that their benefits will be spread among the many and not restricted to the favored few. Important resource legislation which should be passed at this session includes the authorization of the St. Lawrence seaway and power project and the establishment of the Columbia Valley Administration--the establishment of the Columbia Valley Administration, I don't want you to miss that. Through wise Government policies and Government expenditures for the nservation and development of our natural resources, we can be sure of transmitting to our children and our children's children a untry far richer and more productive than the one we know today. The value of our natural resources is nstantly being increased by the progress of science. Research is finding new ways of using such natural assets as minerals, sea water, and plant life. In the peaceful development of atomic energy, particularly, we stand on the threshold of new wonders. The first experimental machines for producing useful power from atomic energy are now under nstruction. We have made only the first beginnings in this field, but in the perspective of history they may loom larger than the first airplane, or even the first tools that started man on the road to civilization. To take full advantage of the increasing possibilities of nature we must equip ourselves with increasing knowledge. Government has a responsibility to see that our untry maintains its position in the advance of science. As a step toward this end, the Congress should mplete action on the measure to create a National Science Foundation. Another duty of the Government is to promote the enomic security, the health, and the education of its citizens. By so doing, we strengthen both our enomy and the structure of our society. In a nation as rich as ours, all citizens should be able to live in decency and health. Our Social Security System should be developed into the main reliance of our people for basic protection against the enomic hazards of old-age, unemployment, and illness. I earnestly hope that the Congress will mplete action at this session on legislation to increase the benefits and extend the verage of old-age and survivors' insurance. The widespread movement to provide pensions in private industry dramatizes the need for improvements in the public insurance system. I also urge that the Congress strengthen our unemployment mpensation law to meet present-day needs more adequately. The enomic downturn of the past year was the first real test that our system of unemployment insurance has had to meet. That test has proved the wisdom of the system, but it has also made strikingly apparent the need for improving its operation and increasing its verage and its benefits. In the field of health there are immense opportunities to extend to more of our people the benefits of the amazing advances in medical science. We have made a good beginning in expanding our hospitals, but we must also go on to remedy the shortages of doctors, nurses, and public health services, and to establish a system of medical insurance which will enable all Americans to afford good medical care. We must take immediate steps to strengthen our educational system. In many parts of our untry, young people are being handicapped for life because of a poor education. The rapidly increasing number of children of school age, upled with the shortage of qualified teachers, makes this problem more critical each year. I believe that the Congress should no longer delay in providing Federal assistance to the States so that they can maintain adequate schools. As we go forward in achieving greater enomic security and greater opportunity for all our people, we should make every effort to extend the benefits of our democratic institutions to every citizen. The religious ideals which we profess, and the heritage of freedom which we have received from the past, clearly place that duty upon us. I again urge the Congress to enact the civil rights proposals I made in February . These proposals are for the enactment of Federal statutes which will protect all our people in the exercise of their democratic rights and their search for enomic opportunity, grant statehood to Alaska and Hawaii, provide a greater measure of self-government for our island possessions, and acrd home rule to the District of Columbia. Some of those proposals have been before the Congress for a long time. Those who oppose them, as well as those who favor them, should regnize that it is the duty of the elected representatives of the people to let these proposals me to a vote. Our democratic ideals, as well as our best interests, require that we do our fair share in providing homes for the unfortunate victims of war and tyranny. In so doing, we shall add strength to our democracy through the abilities and skills which these men and women will bring here. I urge the prompt enactment by the Congress of the legislation now before it to extend and broaden the existing displaced persons law and remove its discriminatory features. The measures I am remmending to the Congress ncerning both our foreign and our domestic policies represent a carefully nsidered program to meet our national needs. It is a program which necessarily requires large expenditures of funds. More than percent of the Government's expenditures are required to meet the sts of past wars and to work for world peace. This is the dominant factor in our fiscal policy. At the same time, the Government must make substantial expenditures which are necessary to the growth and expansion of the domestic enomy. At present, largely because of the ill-nsidered tax reduction of the Both Congress, the Government is not receiving enough revenue to meet its necessary expenditures. To meet this situation, I am proposing that Federal expenditures be held to the lowest levels nsistent with our international requirements and the essential needs of enomic growth, and the well-being of our people. I think I had better read that over; you interrupted me in the middle. To meet this situation, I am proposing that Federal expenditures be held to the lowest levels nsistent with our international requirements and the essential needs of enomic growth, and the well-being of our people. Don't forget that last phrase. At the same time, we must guard against the folly of attempting budget slashes which would impair our prospects for peace or cripple the programs essential to our national strength. The budget remmendations I shall shortly transmit to the Congress show that we can expect a substantial improvement in our fiscal position over the next few years, as the st of some of our extraordinary postwar programs declines, and as the Government revenue rises as a result of growth in employment and national inme. To further improve our fiscal outlook, we should make some changes in our tax system which will reduce present inequities, stimulate business activity, and yield a moderate amount of additional revenue. I expect to transmit specific remmendations to the Congress on this subject at a very early date. The fiscal policy I am remmending is the quickest and safest way of achieving a balanced budget. As we move forward into the send half of the th century, we must always bear in mind the central purpose of our national life. We do not seek material prosperity for ourselves because we love luxury; we do not aid other nations because we wish to increase our power. We have not devised programs for the security and well-being of our people because we are afraid or unwilling to take risks. This is not the meaning of our past history or our present urse. We work for a better life for all, so that all men may put to good use the great gifts with which they have been endowed by their Creator. We seek to establish those material nditions of life in which, without exception, men may live in dignity, perform useful work, serve their mmunities, and worship God as they see fit. These may seem simple goals, but they are not little ones. They are worth a great deal more than all the empires and nquests of history. They are not to be achieved by military aggression or political fanaticism. They are to be achieved by humbler means-by hard work, by a spirit of self-restraint in our dealings with one another, and by a deep devotion to the principles of justice and equality. It should make us truly thankful, as we look back to the beginnings of this untry, that we have me so far along the road to a better life for all. It should make us humble to think, as we look ahead, how much farther we have to go to acmplish, at home and abroad, the objectives that were set out for us at the founding of this great Nation. As we approach the halfway mark of the th century, we should ask for ntinued strength and guidance from that Almighty Power who has placed before us such great opportunities for the good of mankind in the years to me. Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress: I am happy to report to this st Congress that the state of the Union is good. Our Nation is better able than ever before to meet the needs of the American people, and to give them their fair chance in the pursuit of happiness. This great Republic is foremost among the nations of the world in the search for peace. During the last years, our people have been creating a society which offers new opportunities for every man to enjoy his share of the good things of life. In this society, we are nservative about the values and principles which we cherish; but we are forward-looking in protecting those values and principles and in extending their benefits. We have rejected the discredited theory that the fortunes of the Nation should be in the hands of a privileged few. We have abandoned the trickledown" ncept of national prosperity. Instead, we believe that our enomic system should rest on a democratic foundation and that wealth should be created for the benefit of all. The recent election shows that the people of the United States are in favor of this kind of society and want to go on improving it. The American people have decided that poverty is just as wasteful and just as unnecessary as preventable disease. We have pledged our mmon resources to help one another in the hazards and struggles of individual life. We believe that no unfair prejudice or artificial distinction should bar any citizen of the United States of America from an education, or from good health, or from a job that he is capable of performing. The attainment of this kind of society demands the best efforts of every citizen in every walk of life, and it imposes increasing responsibilities on the Government. The Government must work with industry, labor, and the farmers in keeping our enomy running at full speed. The Government must see that every American has a chance to obtain his fair share of our increasing abundance. These responsibilities go hand in hand. We cannot maintain prosperity unless we have a fair distribution of opportunity and a widespread nsumption of the products of our factories and farms. Our Government has undertaken to meet these responsibilities. We have made tremendous public investments in highways, hydroelectric power projects, soil nservation, and reclamation. We have established a system of social security. We have enacted laws protecting the rights and the welfare of our working people and the inme of our farmers. These Federal policies have paid for themselves many times over. They have strengthened the material foundations of our democratic ideals. Without them, our present prosperity would be impossible. Reinforced by these policies, our private enterprise system has reached new heights of production. Since the boom year of , while our population has increased by only percent, our agricultural production has increased by percent, and our industrial production has increased by percent. We are turning out far more goods and more wealth per worker than we have ever done before. This progress has nfounded the gloomy prophets--at home and abroad who predicted the downfall of American capitalism. The people of the United States, going their own way, nfident in their own powers, have achieved the greatest prosperity the world has even seen. But, great as our progress has been, we still have a long way to go. As we look around the untry, many of our shortmings stand out in bold relief. We are suffering from excessively high prices. Our production is still not large enough to satisfy our demands. Our minimum wages are far too low. Small business is losing ground to growing monopoly. Our farmers still face an uncertain future. And too many of them lack the benefits of our modern civilization. Some of our natural resources are still being wasted. We are acutely short of electric power, although the means for developing such power are abundant. Five million families are still living in slums and firetraps. Three million families share their homes with others. Our health is far behind the progress of medical science. Proper medical care is so expensive that it is out of the reach of the great majority of our citizens. Our schools, in many localities, are utterly inadequate. Our democratic ideals are often thwarted by prejudice and intolerance. Each of these shortmings is also an opportunity-an opportunity for the Congress and the President to work for the good of the people. Our first great opportunity is to protect our enomy against the evils of boom and bust." This objective cannot be attained by government alone. Indeed, the greater part of the task must be performed by individual efforts under our system of free enterprise. We can keep our present prosperity, and increase it, only if free enterprise and free government work together to that end. We cannot afford to float along ceaselessly on a postwar boom until it llapses. It is not enough merely to prepare to weather a recession if it mes. Instead, government and business must work together nstantly to achieve more and more jobs and more and more production--which mean more and more prosperity for all the people. The business cycle is man-made; and men of good will, working together, can smooth it out. So far as business is ncerned, it should plan for steady, vigorous expansion--seeking always to increase its output, lower its prices, and avoid the vices of monopoly and restriction. So long as business does this, it will be ntributing to ntinued prosperity, and it will have the help and enuragement of the Government. The Employment Act of pledges the Government to use all its resources to promote maximum employment, production, and purchasing power. This means that the Government is firmly mmitted to protect business and the people against the dangers of recession and against the evils of inflation. This means that the Government must adapt its plans and policies to meet changing circumstances. At the present time, our prosperity is threatened by inflationary pressures at a number of critical points in our enomy. And the Government must be in a position to take effective action at these danger spots. To that end, I remmend that the Congress enact legislation for the following purposes: First, to ntinue the power to ntrol nsumer credit and enlarge the power to ntrol bank credit. Send, to grant authority to regulate speculation on the mmodity exchanges. Third, to ntinue export ntrol authority and to provide adequate machinery for its enforcement. Fourth, to ntinue the priorities and allocation authority in the field of transportation. Fifth, to authorize priorities and allocations for key materials in short supply. Sixth, to extend and strengthen rent ntrol. Seventh, to provide standby authority to impose price ceilings for scarce mmodities which basically affect essential industrial production or the st of living, and to limit unjustified wage adjustments which would force a break in an established price ceiling. Eighth, to authorize an immediate study of the adequacy of production facilities for materials in critically short supply, such as steel; and, if found necessary, to authorize Government loans for the expansion of production facilities to relieve such shortages, and to authorize the nstruction of such facilities directly, if action by private industry fails to meet our needs. The Enomic Report, which I shall submit to the Congress shortly, will discuss in detail the enomic background for these remmendations. One of the most important factors in maintaining prosperity is the Government's fiscal policy. At this time, it is essential not only that the Federal budget be balanced, but also that there be a substantial surplus to reduce inflationary pressures, and to permit a sizable reduction in the national debt, which now stands at billion. I remmend, therefore, that the Congress enact new tax legislation to bring in an additional billion of Government revenue. This should me principally from additional rporate taxes. A portion should me from revised estate and gift taxes. Consideration should be given to raising personal inme rates in the middle and upper brackets. If we want to keep our enomy running in high gear, we must be sure that every group has the incentive to make its full ntribution to the national welfare. At present, the working men and women of the Nation are unfairly discriminated against by a statute that abridges their rights, curtails their nstructive efforts, and hampers our system of free llective bargaining. That statute is the Labor-Management Relations Act of , sometimes called the Taft-Hartley Act. That act should be repealed The Wagner Act should be reenacted. However, certain improvements, which I remmended to the Congress years ago, are needed. Jurisdictional strikes and unjustified sendary boytts should be prohibited. The use of enomic force to decide issues arising out of the interpretation of existing ntracts should be prevented. Without endangering our democratic freedoms, means should be provided for setting up machinery for preventing strikes in vital industries which affect the public interest. The Department of Labor should be rebuilt and strengthened and those units properly belonging within that department should be placed in it. The health of our enomy and its maintenance at high levels further require that the minimum wage fixed by law should be raised to at least cents an hour. If our free enterprise enomy is to be strong and healthy, we must reinvigorate the forces of mpetition. We must assure small business the freedom and opportunity to grow and prosper. To this purpose, we should strengthen our antitrust laws by closing those loopholes that permit monopolistic mergers and nsolidations. Our national farm program should be improved-not only in the interest of the farmers, but for the lasting prosperity of the whole Nation. Our goals should be abundant farm production and parity inme for agriculture. Standards of living on the farm should be just as good as anywhere else in the untry. Farm price supports are an essential part of our program to achieve these ends. Price supports should be used to prevent farm price declines which are out of line with general price levels, to facilitate adjustments in production to nsumer demands, and to promote good land use. Our price support legislation must be adapted to these objectives. The authority of the Commodity Credit Corporation to provide adequate storage space for crops should be restored. Our program for farm prosperity should also seek to expand the domestic market for agricultural products, particularly among low-inme groups, and to increase and stabilize foreign markets. We should give special attention to extending modern nveniences and services to our farms. Rural electrification should be pushed forward. And in nsidering legislation relating to housing, education, health, and social security, special attention should be given to rural problems. Our growing population and the expansion of our enomy depend upon the wise management of our land, water, forest, and mineral wealth. In our present dynamic enomy, the task of nservation is not to lockup our resources but to develop and improve them. Failure, today, to make the investments which are necessary to support our progress in the future would be false enomy. We must push forward the development of our rivers for power, irrigation, navigation, and flood ntrol. We should apply the lessons of our Tennessee Valley experience to our other great river basins. I again remmend action be taken by the Congress to approve the St. Lawrence Seaway and Power project. This is about the fifth time I have remmended it. We must adopt a program for the planned use of the petroleum reserves under the sea, which are--and must remain--vested in the Federal Government. We must extend our programs of soil nservation. We must place our forests on a sustained yield basis, and enurage the development of new sources of vital minerals. In all this we must make sure that the benefits of these public undertakings are directly available to the people. Public power should be carried to nsuming areas by public transmission lines where necessary to provide electricity at the lowest possible rates. Irrigation waters should serve family farms and not land speculators. The Government has still other opportunities--to help raise the standard of living of our citizens. These opportunities lie in the fields of social security, health, education, housing, and civil rights. The present verage of the social security laws is altogether inadequate; the benefit payments are too low. One-third of our workers are not vered. Those who receive old-age and survivors insurance benefits receive an average payment of only a month. Many others who cannot work because they are physically disabled are left to the mercy of charity. We should expand our social security program, both as to the size of the benefits and the extent of verage, against the enomic hazards due to unemployment, old age, sickness, and disability. We must spare no effort to raise the general level of health in this untry. In a nation as rich as ours, it is a shocking fact that tens of millions lack adequate medical care. We are short of doctors, hospitals, nurses. We must remedy these shortages. Moreover, we need--and we must have without further delay--a system of prepaid medical insurance which will enable every American to afford good medical care. It is equally shocking that millions of our children are not receiving a good education. Millions of them are in overcrowded, obsolete buildings. We are short of teachers, because teachers' salaries are too low to attract new teachers, or to hold the ones we have. All these school problems will beme much more acute as a result of the tremendous increase in the enrollment in our elementary schools in the next few years. I cannot repeat too strongly my desire for prompt Federal financial aid to the States to help them operate and maintain their school systems. The governmental agency which now administers the programs of health, education, and social security should be given full departmental status. The housing shortage ntinues to be acute. As an immediate step, the Congress should enact the provisions for low-rent public housing, slum clearance, farm housing, and housing research which I have repeatedly remmended. The number of lowrent public housing units provided for in the legislation should be increased to million units in the next years. Even this number of units will not begin to meet our need for new housing. Most of the houses we need will have to be built by private enterprise, without public subsidy. By producing too few rental units and too large a proportion of high-priced houses, the building industry is rapidly pricing itself out of the market. Building sts must be lowered. The Government is now engaged in a campaign to induce all segments of the building industry to ncentrate on the production of lower priced housing. Additional legislation to enurage such housing will be submitted. The authority which I have requested, to allocate materials in short supply and to impose price ceilings on such materials, uld be used, if found necessary, to channel more materials into homes large enough for family life at prices which wage earners can afford. The driving force behind our progress is our faith in our democratic institutions. That faith is embodied in the promise of equal rights and equal opportunities which the founders of our Republic proclaimed to their untrymen and to the whole world. The fulfillment of this promise is among the highest purposes of government. The civil rights proposals I made to the th Congress, I now repeat to the st Congress. They should be enacted in order that the Federal Government may assume the leadership and discharge the obligations dearly placed upon it by the Constitution. I stand squarely behind those proposals. Our domestic programs are the foundation of our foreign policy. The world today looks to us for leadership because we have so largely realized, within our borders, those benefits of democratic government for which most of the peoples of the world are yearning. We are following a foreign policy which is the outward expression of the democratic faith we profess. We are doing what we can to enurage free states and free peoples throughout the world, to aid the suffering and afflicted in foreign lands, and to strengthen democratic nations against aggression. The heart of our foreign policy is peace. We are supporting a world organization to keep peace and a world enomic policy to create prosperity for mankind. Our guiding star is the principle of international operation. To this ncept we have made a national mmitment as profound as anything in history. To it we have pledged our resources and our honor. Until a system of world security is established upon which we can safely rely, we cannot escape the burden of creating and maintaining armed forces sufficient to deter aggression. We have made great progress in the last year in the effective organization of our Armed Forces, but further improvements in our national security legislation are necessary. Universal training is essential to the security of the United States. During the urse of this session I shall have occasion to ask the Congress to nsider several measures in the field of foreign policy. At this time, I remmend that we restore the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act to full effectiveness, and extend it for years. We should also open our doors to displaced persons without unfair discrimination. It should be clear by now to all citizens that we are not seeking to freeze the status quo. We have no intention of preserving the injustices of the past. We welme the nstructive efforts being made by many nations to achieve a better life for their citizens. In the European revery program, in our good-neighbor policy and in the United Nations, we have begun to batter down those national walls which block the enomic growth and the social advancement of the peoples of the world. We believe that if we hold resolutely to this urse, the principle of international operation will eventually mmand the approval even of those nations which are now seeking to weaken or subvert it. We stand at the opening of an era which can mean either great achievement or terrible catastrophe for ourselves and for all mankind. The strength of our Nation must ntinue to be used in the interest of all our people rather than a privileged few. It must ntinue to be used unselfishly in the struggle for world peace and the betterment of mankind the world over. This is the task before us. It is not an easy one. It has many mplications, and there will be strong opposition from selfish interests. I hope for operation from farmers, from labor, and from business. Every segment of our population and every individual has a right to expect from our Government a fair deal. In , when I came down before the Congress for the first time on April , I quoted to you King Solomon's prayer that he wanted wisdom and the ability to govern his people as they should be governed. I explained to you at that time that the task before me was one of the greatest in the history of the world, and that it was necessary to have the mplete operation of the Congress and the people of the United States. Well now, we are taking a new start with the same situation. It is absolutely essential that your President have the mplete operation of the Congress to carry out the great work that must be done to keep the peace in this world, and to keep this untry prosperous. The people of this great untry have a right to expect that the Congress and the President will work in closest operation with one objective--the welfare of the people of this Nation as a whole. In the months ahead I know that I shall be able to operate with this Congress. Now, I am nfident that the Divine Power which has guided us to this time of fateful responsibility and glorious opportunity will not desert us now. With that help from Almighty God which we have humbly acknowledged at every turning point in our national life, we shall be able to perform the great tasks which He now sets before us. Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, and Members of the th Congress: We are here today to nsider the state of the Union. On this occasion, above all others, the Congress and the President should ncentrate their attention, not upon party but upon the untry; not upon things which divide us but upon those which bind us together--the enduring principles of our American system, and our mmon aspirations for the future welfare and security of the people of the United States. The United States has beme great because we, as a people, have been able to work together for great objectives even while differing about details. The elements of our strength are many. They include our democratic government, our enomic system, our great natural resources. But these are only partial explanations. The basic source of our strength is spiritual. For we are a people with a faith. We believe in the dignity of man. We believe that he was created in the image of the Father of us all. We do not believe that men exist merely to strengthen the state or to be gs in the enomic machine. We do believe that governments are created to serve the people and that enomic systems exist to minister to their wants. We have a profound devotion to the welfare and rights of the individual as a human being. The faith of our people has particular meaning at this time in history because of the unsettled and changing state of the world. The victims of war in many lands are striving to rebuild their lives, and are seeking assurance that the tragedy of war will not occur again. Throughout the world new ideas are challenging the old. Men of all nations are reexamining the beliefs by which they live. Great scientific and industrial changes have released new forces which will affect the future urse of civilization. The state of our Union reflects the changing nature of the modern world. On all sides there is heartening evidence of great energy--of capacity for enomic development-and even more important, capacity for spiritual growth. But acmpanying this great activity there are equally great questions, great anxieties, and great aspirations. They represent the ncern of an enlightened people that nditions should be so arranged as to make life more worthwhile. We must devote ourselves to finding answers to these anxieties and aspirations. We seek answers which will embody the moral and spiritual elements of tolerance, unselfishness, and brotherhood upon which true freedom and opportunity must rest. As we examine the state of our Union today, we can benefit from viewing it on a basis of the acmplishments of the last decade and of our goals for the next. How far have we me during the last years and how far can we go in the next ? It was years ago that the determination of dictators to wage war upon mankind became apparent. The years that followed brought untold death and destruction. We shared in the human suffering of the war, but we were fortunate enough to escape most of war's destruction. We were able through these years to expand the productive strength of our farms and factories. More important, however, is the fact that these years brought us new urage, new nfidence in the ideals of our free democracy. Our deep belief in freedom and justice was reinforced in the crucible of war. On the foundations of our greatly strengthened enomy and our renewed nfidence in democratic values, we can ntinue to move forward. There are some who look with fear and distrust upon planning for the future. Yet our great national achievements have been attained by those with vision. Our Union was formed, our frontiers were pushed back, and our great industries were built by men who looked ahead. I propose that we look ahead today toward those goals for the future which have the greatest bearing upon the foundations of our democracy and the happiness of our people. I do so, nfident in the thought that with clear objectives and with firm determination, we can, in the next years, build upon the acmplishments of the past decade to achieve a glorious future. Year by year, beginning now, we must make a substantial part of this progress. Our first goal is to secure fully the essential human rights of our citizens. The United States has always had a deep ncern for human rights. Religious freedom, free speech, and freedom of thought are cherished realities in our land. Any denial of human rights is a denial of the basic beliefs of democracy and of our regard for the worth of each individual. Today, however, some of our citizens are still denied equal opportunity for education, for jobs and enomic advancement, and for the expression of their views at the polls. Most serious of all, some are denied equal protection under laws. Whether discrimination is based on race, or creed, or lor, or land of origin, it is utterly ntrary to American ideals of democracy. The recent report of the President's Committee on Civil Rights points the way to rrective action by the Federal Government and by State and local governments. Because of the need for effective Federal action, I shall send a special message to the Congress on this important subject. We should also nsider our obligation to assure the fullest possible measure of civil rights to the people of our territories and possessions. I believe that the time has me for Alaska and Hawaii to be admitted to the Union as States. Our send goal is to protect and develop our human resources. The safeguarding of the rights of our citizens must be acmpanied by an equal regard for their opportunities for development and their protection from enomic insecurity. In this Nation the ideals of freedom and equality can be given specific meaning in terms of health, education, social security, and housing. Over the past years we have erected a sound framework of social security legislation. Many millions of our citizens are now protected against the loss of inme which can me with unemployment, old age, or the death of wage earners. Yet our system has gaps and innsistencies; it is only half finished. We should now extend unemployment mpensation, old age benefits, and survivors' benefits to millions who are not now protected. We should also raise the level of benefits. The greatest gap in our social security structure is the lack of adequate provision for the Nation's health. We are rightly proud of the high standards of medical care we know how to provide in the United States. The fact is, however, that most of our people cannot afford to pay for the care they need. I have often and strongly urged that this ndition demands a national health program. The heart of the program must be a national system of payment for medical care based on well-tried insurance principles. This great Nation cannot afford to allow its citizens to suffer needlessly from the lack of proper medical care. Our ultimate aim must be a mprehensive insurance system to protect all our people equally against insecurity and ill health. Another fundamental aim of our democracy is to provide an adequate education for every person. Our educational systems face a financial crisis. It is deplorable that in a Nation as rich as ours there are millions of children who do not have adequate schoolhouses or enough teachers for a good elementary or sendary education. If there are educational inadequacies in any State, the whole Nation suffers. The Federal Government has a responsibility for providing financial aid to meet this crisis. In addition, we must make possible greater equality of opportunity to all our citizens for education. Only by so doing can we insure that our citizens will be capable of understanding and sharing the responsibilities of democracy. The Government's programs for health, education, and security are of such great importance to our democracy that we should now establish an executive department for their administration. Health and education have their beginning in the home. No matter what our hospitals or schools are like, the youth of our Nation are handicapped when millions of them live in city slums and untry shacks. Within the next decade, we must see that every American family has a decent home. As an immediate step we need the long-range housing program which I have remmended on many occasions to this Congress. This should include financial aids designed to yield more housing at lower prices. It should provide public housing for low-inme families, and vigorous development of new techniques to lower the st of building. Until we can overme the present drastic housing shortage, we must extend and strengthen rent ntrol. We have had, and shall ntinue to have, a special interest in the welfare of our veterans. Over million men and women who served in the armed forces in World War II have now returned to civilian life. Over million veterans are being helped through school. Millions have been aided while finding jobs, and have been helped in buying homes, in obtaining medical care, and in adjusting themselves to physical handicaps. All but a very few veterans have successfully made the transition from military life to their home mmunities. The success of our veterans' program is proved by this fact. This Nation is proud of the eagerness shown by our veterans to beme self-reliant and self-supporting citizens. Our third goal is to nserve and use our natural resources so that they can ntribute most effectively to the welfare of our people. The resources given by nature to this untry are rich and extensive. The material foundations of our growth and enomic development are the bounty of our fields, the wealth of our mines and forests, and the energy of our waters. As a Nation, we are ming to appreciate more each day the close relationship between the nservation of these resources and the preservation of our national strength. We are doing far less than we know how to do to make use of our resources without destroying them. Both the public and private use of these resources must have the primary objective of maintaining and increasing these basic supports for an expanding future. We must ntinue to take specific steps toward this goal. We must vigorously defend our natural wealth against those who would misuse it for selfish gain. We need accurate and mprehensive knowledge of our mineral resources and must intensify our efforts to develop new supplies and to acquire stockpiles of scarce materials. We need to protect and restore our land-public and private--through mbating erosion and rebuilding the fertility of the soil. We must expand our reclamation program to bring millions of acres of arid land into production, and to improve water supplies for additional millions of acres. This will provide new opportunities for veterans and others, particularly in the West, and aid in providing a rising living standard for a growing population. We must protect and restore our forests by sustained-yield forestry and by planting new trees in areas now slashed and barren. We must ntinue to erect multiple-purpose dams on our great rivers--not only to reclaim land, but also to prevent floods, to extend our inland waterways and to provide hydroelectric power. This public power must not be monopolized for private gain. Only through well-established policies of transmitting power directly to its market and thus enuraging widespread use at low rates can the Federal Government assure the people of their full share of its benefits. Additional power--public and private--is needed to raise the ceilings now imposed by power shortages on industrial and agricultural development. We should achieve the wise use of resources through the integrated development of our great river basins. We can learn much from our Tennessee Valley experience. We should no longer delay in applying the lessons of that vast undertaking to our other great river basins. Our fourth goal is to lift the standard of living for all our people by strengthening our enomic system and sharing more broadly among our people the goods we produce. The amazing enomic progress of the past years points the way for the next . Today million more people have jobs than in . Our yearly output of goods and services has increased by two-thirds. The average inme of our people, measured in dollars of equal purchasing power, has increased--after taxes--by more than percent. In no other years have farmers, businessmen, and wage earners made such great gains. We may not be able to expand as rapidly in the next decade as in the last, because we are now starting from full employment and very high production. But we can increase our annual output by at least one-third above the present level. We can lift our standard of living to nearly double what it was years ago. If we distribute these gains properly, we can go far toward stamping out poverty in our generation. To do this, agriculture, business, and labor must move forward together. Permanent farm prosperity and agricultural abundance will be achieved only as our whole enomy grows and prospers. The farmer can sell more food at good prices when the inmes of wage earners are high and when there is full employment. Adequate diets for every American family, and the needs of our industries at full production, will absorb a farm output well above our present levels. Although the average farmer is now better off than ever before, farm families as a whole have only begun to catch up with the standards of living enjoyed in the cities. In , the average inme of farm people was , ntrasted with an average inme of , for nonfarm people. Within the next decade, we should eliminate elements of inequality in these living standards. To this end our farm program should enable the farmer to market his varied crops at fair price levels and to improve his standard of living. We need to ntinue price supports for major farm mmodities on a basis which will afford reasonable protection against fluctuations in the levels of production and demand. The present price support program must be reexamined and modernized. Crop insurance should be strengthened and its benefits extended in order to protect the farmer against the special hazards to which he is subject. We also need to improve the means for getting farm products into markets and into the hands of nsumers. Cooperatives which directly or indirectly serve this purpose must be enuraged--not disuraged. The school lunch program should be ntinued and adequately financed. We need to go forward with the rural electrification program to bring the benefits of electricity to all our farm population. We can, and must, aid and enurage farmers to nserve their soil resources and restore the fertility of the land that has suffered from neglect or unwise use. All these are practical measures upon which we should act immediately to enable agriculture to make its full ntribution to our prosperity. We must also strengthen our enomic system within the next decade by enlarging our industrial capacity within the framework of our free enterprise system. We are today far short of the industrial capacity we need for a growing future. At least billion should be invested by industry to improve and expand our productive facilities over the next few years. But this is only the beginning. The industrial application of atomic energy and other scientific advances will nstantly open up further opportunities for expansion. Farm prosperity and high employment will call for an immensely increased output of goods and services. Growth and vitality in our enomy depend on vigorous private enterprise. Free mpetition is the key to industrial development, full production and employment, fair prices, and an ever improving standard of living. Competition is seriously limited today in many industries by the ncentration of enomic power and other elements of monopoly. The appropriation of sufficient funds to permit proper enforcement of the present antitrust laws is essential. Beyond that we should go on to strengthen our legislation to protect mpetition. Another basic element of a strong enomic system is the well-being of the wage earners. We have learned that the well-being of workers depends on high production and nsequent high employment. We have learned equally well that the welfare of industry and agriculture depends on high inmes for our workers. The Government has wisely chosen to set a floor under wages. But our -cent minimum wage is inadequate and obsolete. I remmend the lifting of the minimum wage to cents an hour. In general, however, we must ntinue to rely on our sound system of llective bargaining to set wage scales. Workers' inmes should increase at a rate nsistent with the maintenance of sound price, profit, and wage relationships and with increase of productivity. The Government's part in labor-management relations is now largely ntrolled by the terms of the Labor-Management Relations Act of . I made my attitude clear on this act in my veto message to the Congress last June. Nothing has occurred since to change my opinion of this law. As long as it remains the law of the land, however, I shall carry out my nstitutional duty and administer it. As we look ahead we can understand the crucial importance of restraint and wisdom in arriving at new labor-management ntracts. Work stoppages would result in a loss of production--a loss which uld bring higher prices for our citizens and uld also deny the necessities of life to the hard-pressed peoples of other lands. It is my sincere hope that the representatives of labor and of industry will bear in mind that the Nation as a whole has a vital stake in the success of their bargaining efforts. If we surmount our current enomic difficulties, we can move ahead to a great increase in our national inme which will enable all our people to enjoy richer and fuller lives. All of us must advance together. One-fifth of our families now have average annual inmes of less than . We must see that our gains in national inme are made more largely available to those with low inmes, whose need is greatest. This will benefit us all through providing a stable foundation of buying power to maintain prosperity. Business, labor, agriculture, and Government, working together, must develop the policies which will make possible the realization of the full benefits of our enomic system. Our fifth goal is to achieve world peace based on principles of freedom and justice and the equality of all nations. Twice within our generation, world wars have taught us that we cannot isolate ourselves from the rest of the world. We have learned that the loss of freedom in any area of the world means a loss of freedom to ourselves--that the loss of independence by any nation adds directly to the insecurity of the United States and all free nations. We have learned that a healthy world enomy is essential to world peace--that enomic distress is a disease whose evil effects spread far beyond the boundaries of the afflicted nation. For these reasons the United States is vigorously following policies designed to achieve a peaceful and prosperous world. We are giving, and will ntinue to give, our full support to the United Nations. While that organization has enuntered unforeseen and unwelme difficulties, I am nfident of its ultimate success. We are also devoting our efforts toward world enomic revery and the revival of world trade. These actions are closely related and mutually supporting. We believe that the United States can be an effective force for world peace only if it is strong. We look forward to the day when nations will decrease their armaments. Yet so long as there remains serious opposition to the ideals of a peaceful world, we must maintain strong armed forces. The passage of the National Security Act by the Congress at its last session was a notable step in providing for the security of this untry. A further step which I nsider of even greater importance is the early provision for universal training. There are many elements in a balanced national security program, all interrelated and necessary, but universal training should be the foundation for them all. A favorable decision by the Congress at an early date is of world importance. I am nvinced that such action is vital to the security of this Nation and to the maintenance of its leadership. The United States is engaged today in many international activities directed toward the creation of lasting peaceful relationships among nations. We have been giving substantial aid to Greece and Turkey to assist those nations in preserving their integrity against foreign pressures. Had it not been for our aid, their situation today might well be radically different. The ntinued integrity of those untries will have a powerful effect upon other nations in the Middle East and in Europe struggling to maintain their independence while they repair the damages of war. The United States has special responsibilities with respect to the untries in which we have occupation forces: Germany, Austria, Japan, and Korea. Our efforts to reach agreements on peace settlements for these untries have so far been blocked. But we shall ntinue to exert our utmost efforts to obtain satisfactory settlements for each of these nations. Many thousands of displaced persons, still living in camps overseas, should be allowed entry into the United States. I again urge the Congress to pass suitable legislation at once so that this Nation may do its share in caring for the homeless and suffering refugees of all faiths. I believe that the admission of these persons will add to the strength and energy of this Nation. We are moving toward our goal of world peace in many ways. But the most important efforts which we are now making are those which support world enomic renstruction. We are seeking to restore the world trading system which was shattered by the war and to remedy the enomic paralysis which grips many untries. To restore world trade we have recently taken the lead in bringing about the greatest reduction of world tariffs that the world has ever seen. The extension of the provisions of the Reciprocal Trade Agreements Act, which made this achievement possible, is of extreme importance. We must also go on to support the International Trade Organization, through which we hope to obtain worldwide agreement on a de of fair nduct in international trade. Our present major effort toward enomic renstruction is to support the program for revery developed by the untries of Europe. In my recent message to the Congress, I outlined the reasons why it is wise and necessary for the United States to extend this support. I want to reaffirm my belief in the soundness and the promise of this proposal. When the European enomy is strengthened, the product of its industry will be of benefit to many other areas of enomic distress. The ability of free men to overme hunger and despair will be a moral stimulus to the entire world. We intend to work also with other nations in achieving world enomic revery. We shall ntinue our operation with the nations of the Western Hemisphere. A special program of assistance to China, to provide urgent relief needs and to speed renstruction, will be submitted to the Congress. Unfortunately, not all governments share the hope of the people of the United States that enomic renstruction in many areas of the world can be achieved through operative effort among nations. In spite of these differences we will go forward with our efforts to overme enomic paralysis. No nation by itself can carry these programs to success; they depend upon the operative and honest efforts of all participating untries. Yet the leadership is inevitably ours. I nsider it of the highest importance that the Congress should authorize support for the European revery program for the period from April , , to June , , with an initial amount for the first months of . billion. I urge the Congress to act promptly on this vital measure of our foreign policy--on this decisive ntribution to world peace. We are following a sound, nstructive, and practical urse in carrying out our determination to achieve peace. We are fighting poverty, hunger, and suffering. This leads to peace--not war. We are building toward a world where all nations, large and small alike, may live free from the fear of aggression. This leads to peace--not war. Above all else, we are striving to achieve a nrd among the peoples of the world based upon the dignity of the individual and the brotherhood of man. This leads to peace--not war. We can go forward with nfidence that we are following sound policies, both at home and with other nations, which will lead us toward our great goals for enomic, social and moral achievement. As we enter the new year, we must surmount one major problem which affects all our goals. That is the problem of inflation. Already inflation in this untry is undermining the living standards of millions of families. Food sts too much. Housing has reached fantastic price levels. Schools and hospitals are in financial distress. Inflation threatens to bring on disagreement and strife between labor and management. Worst of all, inflation holds the threat of another depression, just as we had a depression after the unstable boom following the First World War. When I announced last October that the Congress was being called into session, I described the price increases which had taken place since June . Wholesale prices had increased percent; retail prices had increased percent. Since October prices have ntinued to rise. Wholesale prices have gone up at an annual rate of percent. Retail prices have gone up at an annual rate of percent. The events which have occurred since I presented my -point anti-inflation program to the Congress in November have made it even clearer that all points are essential. High prices must not be our means of rationing. We must deal effectively and at once with the high st of living. We must stop the spiral of inflation. I trust that within the shortest possible time the Congress will make available to the Government the weapons that are so desperately needed in the fight against inflation. One of the most powerful anti-inflationary factors in our enomy today is the excess of Government revenues over expenditures. Government expenditures have been and must ntinue to be held at the lowest safe levels. Since V-J day Federal expenditures have been sharply reduced. They have been cut from more than billion in the fiscal year to less than billion in the present fiscal year. The number of civilian employees has been cut nearly in half--from / million down to million. On the other hand, Government revenues must not be reduced. Until inflation has been stopped there should be no cut in taxes that is not offset by additions at another point in our tax structure. Certain adjustments should be made within our existing tax structure that will not affect total receipts, yet will adjust the tax burden so that those least able to pay will have their burden lessened by the transfer of a portion of it to those best able to pay. Many of our families today are suffering hardship because of the high st of living. At the same time profits of rporations have reached an all-time rerd in . Corporate profits total billion after taxes. This mpared with . billion in , the previous high year. Because of this extraordinarily high level of profits, rporations can well afford to carry a larger share of the taxload at this time. During this period in which the high st of living is bearing down on so many of our families, tax adjustments should be made to ease their burden. The low-inme group particularly is being pressed very hard. To this group a tax adjustment would result in a saving that uld be used to buy the necessities of life. I remmend therefore that, effective January , , a st of living tax credit be extended to our people nsisting of a credit of to each individual taxpayer and an additional credit of for each dependent. Thus the inme tax of a man with a wife and two children would be reduced . The credit would be extended to all taxpayers, but it would be particularly helpful to those in the low-inme group. It is estimated that such a tax credit would reduce Federal revenue by . billion. This reduction should be made up by increasing the tax on rporate profits in an amount that will produce this sum--with appropriate adjustments for small rporations. This is the proper method of tax relief at this time. It gives relief to those who need it most without cutting the total tax revenue of the Government. When the present danger of inflation has passed we should nsider tax reduction based upon a revision of our entire tax structure. When we have nquered inflation, we shall be in a position to move forward toward our chosen goals. As we do so, let us keep ever before us our high purposes. We are determined that every citizen of this Nation shall have an equal right and an equal opportunity to grow in wisdom and in stature and to take his place in the ntrol of his Nation's destiny. We are determined that the productive resources of this Nation shall be used wisely and fully for the benefit of all. We are determined that the democratic faith of our people and the strength of our resources shall ntribute their full share to the attainment of enduring peace in the world. It is our faith in human dignity that underlies these purposes. It is this faith that keeps us a strong and vital people. This is a time to remind ourselves of these fundamentals. For today the whole world looks to us for leadership. This is the hour to rededicate ourselves to the faith in mankind that makes us strong. This is the hour to rededicate ourselves to the faith in God that gives us nfidence as we face the challenge of the years ahead. Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress of the United States: It looks like a good many of you have moved over to the left since I was here last I me before you today to report on the State of the Union and, in the words of the Constitution, to remmend such measures as I judge necessary and expedient. I me also to welme you as you take up your duties and to discuss with you the manner in which you and I should fulfill our obligations to the American people during the next years. The power to mold the future of this Nation lies in our hands--yours and mine, and they are joined together by the Constitution. If in this year, and in the next, we can find the right urse to take as each issue arises, and if, in spite of all difficulties, we have the urage and the resolution to take that urse, then we shall achieve a state of well-being for our people without precedent in history. And if we ntinue to work with the other nations of the world earnestly, patiently, and wisely, we can--granting a will for peace on the part of our neighbors-make a lasting peace for the world. But, if we are to realize these ends, the Congress and the President, during the next years, must work together. It is not unusual in our history that the majority of the Congress represents a party in opposition to the President's party. I am the twentieth President of the United States who, at some time during his term of office, has found his own party to be in the minority in one or both Houses of Congress. The first one was George Washington. Wilson was number eighteen, and Hoover was number nineteen. I realize that on some matters the Congress and the President may have honest differences of opinion. Partisan differences, however, did not cause material disagreements as to the nduct of the war. Nor, in the nduct of our international relations, during and since the war, have such partisan differences been material. On some domestic issues we may, and probably shall, disagree. That in itself is not to be feared. It is inherent in our form of Government. But there are ways of disagreeing; men who differ can still work together sincerely for the mmon good. We shall be risking the Nation's safety and destroying our opportunities for progress if we do not settle any disagreements in this spirit, without thought of partisan advantage. THE GENERAL DOMESTIC ECONOMY As the year begins, the state of our national enomy presents great opportunities for all. We have virtually full employment. Our national production of goods and services is percent higher than in any year prior to the war emergency. The national inme in was higher than in any peacetime year. Our food production is greater than it has ever been. During the last years our productive facilities have been expanded in almost every field. The American standard of living is higher now than ever before, and when the housing shortage can be overme it will be even higher. During the past few months we have removed at a rapid rate the emergency ntrols that the Federal Government had to exercise during the war. The remaining ntrols will be retained only as long as they are needed to protect the public. Private enterprise must be given the greatest possible freedom to ntinue the expansion of enomy. In my proclamation of December , I announced the termination of hostilities. This automatically ended certain temporary legislation and certain executive powers. Two groups of temporary laws still remain: the first are those which by Congressional mandate are to last during the emergency"; the send are those which are to ntinue until the termination of the war," I shall submit to the Congress remmendations for the repeal of certain of the statutes which by their terms ntinue for the duration of the emergency." I shall at the same time remmend that others within this classification be extended until the state of war has been ended by treaty or by legislative action. As to those statutes which ntinue until the state of war has been terminated, I urge that the Congress promptly nsider each statute individually, and repeal such emergency legislation where it is advisable. Now that nearly all wartime ntrols have been removed, the operation of our industrial system depends to a greater extent on the decisions of businessmen, farmers, and workers. These decisions must be wisely made with genuine ncern for public welfare. The welfare of businessmen, farmers, and workers depends upon the enomic well-being of those who buy their products. An important present source of danger to our enomy is the possibility that prices might be raised to such an extent that the nsuming public uld not purchase the tremendous volume of goods and services which will be produced during . We all know that recent price increases have denied to many of our workers much of the value of recent wage increases. Farmers have found that a large part of their increased inme has been absorbed by increased prices. While some of our people have received raises in inme which exceed price increases, the great majority have not. Those persons who live on modest fixed inmes--retired persons living on pensions, for example--and workers whose inmes are relatively inflexible, such as teachers and other civil servants--have suffered hardship. In the effort to bring about a sound and equitable price structure, each group of our population has its own responsibilities. It is up to industry not only to hold the line on existing prices, but to make reductions whenever profits justify such action. It is up to labor to refrain from pressing for unjustified wage increases that will force increases in the price level. And it is up to Government to do everything in its power to enurage high-volume Production, for that is what makes possible good wages, low prices, and reasonable profits. In a few days there will be submitted to the Congress the Enomic Report of the President, and also the Budget Message. Those messages will ntain many remmendations. Today I shall outline five major enomic policies which I believe the Government should pursue during . These policies are designed to meet our immediate needs and, at the same time, to provide for the long-range welfare of our free enterprise system: First, the promotion of greater harmony between labor and management. Send, restriction of monopoly and unfair business practices; assistance to small business; and the promotion of the free mpetitive system of private enterprise. Third, ntinuation of an aggressive program of home nstruction. Fourth, the balancing of the budget in the next fiscal year and the achieving of a substantial surplus to be applied to the reduction of the public debt. Fifth, protection of a fair level of return to farmers in post-war agriculture. LABOR AND MANAGEMENT The year just past--like the year after the first World War--was marred by labor management strife. Despite this outbreak of enomic warfare in , we are today producing goods and services in rerd volume. Nevertheless, it is essential to improve the methods for reaching agreement between labor and management and to reduce the number of strikes and lockouts. We must not, however, adopt punitive legislation. We must not in order to punish a few labor leaders, pass vindictive laws which will restrict the proper rights of the rank and file of labor. We must not, under the stress of emotion, endanger our American freedoms by taking ill-nsidered action which will lead to results not anticipated or desired. We must remember, in reviewing the rerd of disputes in , that management shares with labor the responsibility for failure to reach agreements which would have averted strikes. For that reason, we must realize that industrial peace cannot be achieved merely by laws directed against labor unions. During the last decade and a half, we have established a national labor policy in this untry based upon free llective bargaining as the process for determining wages and working nditions. That is still the national policy. And it should ntinue to be the national policy But as yet, not all of us have learned what it means to bargain freely and fairly. Nor have all of us learned to carry the mutual responsibilities that acmpany the right to bargain. There have been abuses and harmful practices which limit the effectiveness of our system of llective bargaining. Furthermore, we have lacked sufficient governmental machinery to aid labor and management in resolving their differences. Certain labor-management problems need attention at once and certain others, by reason of their mplexity, need exhaustive investigation and study. We should enact legislation to rrect certain abuses and to provide additional governmental assistance in bargaining. But we should also ncern ourselves with the basic causes of labor-management difficulties. In the light of these nsiderations, I propose to you and urge your operation in effecting the following four-point program to reduce industrial strife: Point number one is the early enactment of legislation to prevent certain unjustifiable practices. First, under this point, are jurisdictional strikes. In such strikes the public and the employer are innocent bystanders who are injured by a llision between rival unions. This type of dispute hurts production, industry, and the public--and labor itself. I nsider jurisdictional strikes indefensible. The National Labor Relations Act provides procedures for determining which union represents employees of a particular employer. In some jurisdictional disputes, however, minority unions strike to mpel employers to deal with them despite a legal duty to bargain with the majority union. Strikes to mpel an employer to violate the law are inexcusable. Legislation to prevent such strikes is clearly desirable. Another form of inter-union disagreement is the jurisdictional strike involving the question of which labor union is entitled to perform a particular task. When rival unions are unable to settle such disputes themselves, provision must be made for peaceful and binding determination of the issues. A send unjustifiable practice is the sendary boytt, when used to further jurisdictional disputes or to mpel employers to violate the National Labor Relations Act. Not all sendary boytts are unjustified. We must judge them on the basis of their objectives. For example, boytts intended to protect wage rates and working nditions should be distinguished from those in furtherance of jurisdictional disputes. The structure of industry sometimes requires unions, as a matter of self-preservation, to extend the nflict beyond a particular employer. There should be no blanket prohibition against boytts. The appropriate goal is legislation which prohibits sendary boytts in pursuance of unjustifiable objectives, but does not impair the union's right to preserve its own existence and the gains made in genuine llective bargaining. A third practice that should be rrected is the use of enomic force, by either labor or management, to decide issues arising out of the interpretation of existing ntracts. Collective bargaining agreements, like other ntracts, should be faithfully adhered to by both parties. In the most enlightened union-management relationships, disputes over the interpretation of ntract terms are settled peaceably by negotiation or arbitration. Legislation should be enacted to provide machinery whereby unsettled disputes ncerning the interpretation of an existing agreement may be referred by either party to final and binding arbitration. Point number two is the extension of facilities within the Department of Labor for assisting llective bargaining. One of our difficulties in avoiding labor strife arises from a lack of order in the llective bargaining process. The parties often do not have a dear understanding of their responsibility for settling disputes through their own negotiations. We nstantly see instances where labor or management resorts to enomic force without exhausting the possibilities for agreement through the bargaining process. Neither the parties nor the Government have a definite yardstick for determining when and how Government assistance should be invoked. There is need for integrated governmental machinery to provide the successive steps of mediation, voluntary arbitration, and--ultimately in appropriate cases--ascertainment of the facts of the dispute and the reporting of the facts to the public. Such machinery would facilitate and expedite the settlement of disputes. Point number three is the broadening of our program of social legislation to alleviate the causes of workers' insecurity. On June , , in my message vetoing the Case Bill, I made a mprehensive statement of my views ncerning labor-management relations. I said then, and I repeat now, that the solution of labor-management difficulties is to be found not only in legislation dealing directly with labor relations, but also in a program designed to remove the causes of insecurity felt by many workers in our industrial society. In this nnection, for example, the Congress should nsider the extension and broadening of our social security system, better housing, a mprehensive national health program, and provision for a fair minimum wage. Point number four is the appointment of a Temporary Joint Commission to inquire into the entire field of labor-management relations. I remmend that the Congress provide for the appointment of a Temporary Joint Commission to undertake this broad study. The President, the Congress, and management and labor have a ntinuing responsibility to operate in seeking and finding the solution of these problems. I therefore remmend that the Commission be mposed as follows: twelve to be chosen by the Congress from members of both parties in the House and the Senate, and eight representing the public, management and labor, to be appointed by the President. The Commission should be charged with investigating and making remmendations upon certain major subjects, among others: First, the special and unique problem of nationwide strikes in vital industries affecting the public interest. In particular, the Commission should examine into the question of how to settle or prevent such strikes without endangering our general democratic freedoms. Upon a proper solution of this problem may depend the whole industrial future of the United States. The paralyzing effects of a nationwide strike in such industries as transportation, al, oil, steel, or mmunications can result in national disaster. We have been able to avoid such disaster, in recent years, only by the use of extraordinary war powers. All those powers will soon be gone. In their place there must be created an adequate system and effective machinery in these vital fields. This problem will require careful study and a bold approach, but an approach nsistent with the preservation of the rights of our people. The need is pressing. The Commission should give this its earliest attention. Send, the best methods and procedures for carrying out the llective bargaining process. This should include the responsibilities of labor and management to negotiate freely and fairly with each other, and to refrain from strikes or lockouts until all possibilities of negotiation have been exhausted. Third, the underlying causes of labor management disputes. Some of the subjects presented here for investigation involve long-range study. Others can be nsidered immediately by the Commission and its remmendations can be submitted to the Congress in the near future. I remmend that this Commission make its first report, including specific legislative remmendations, not later than March , . RESTRICTION Of MONOPOLY AND PROMOTION OF PRIVATE ENTERPRISE The send major policy I desire to lay before you has to do with the growing ncentration of enomic power and the threat to free mpetitive private enterprise. In the Temporary National Enomic Committee mpleted a mprehensive investigation into the workings of the national enomy. The Committee's study showed that, despite a half century of anti-trust law enforcement, one of the gravest threats to our welfare lay in the increasing ncentration of power in the hands of a small number of giant organizations. During the war, this long-standing tendency toward enomic ncentration was accelerated. As a nsequence, we now find that to a greater extent than ever before, whole industries are dominated by one or a few large organizations which can restrict production in the interest of higher profits and thus reduce employment and purchasing power. In an effort to assure full opportunity and free mpetition to business we will vigorously enforce the anti-trust laws. There is much the Congress can do to operate and assist in this program. To strengthen and enforce the laws that regulate business practices is not enough. Enforcement must be supplemented by positive measures of aid to new enterprises. Government assistance, research programs, and credit powers should be designed and used to promote the growth of new firms and new industries. Assistance to small business is particularly important at this time when thousands of veterans who are potential business and industrial leaders are beginning their careers. We should also give special attention to the decentralization of industry and the development of areas that are now under-industrialized. HOUSING The third major policy is also of great importance to the national enomy: an aggressive program to enurage housing nstruction. The first federal program to relieve the veterans' housing shortage was announced in February . In one million family housing units have been put under nstruction and more than , units have already been mpleted. The rate of expansion in nstruction has broken all rerds. In the ming year the number of dwelling units built will approach, if not surpass, the top nstruction year of . The primary responsibility to deliver housing at reasonable prices that veterans can afford rests with private industry and with labor. The Government will ntinue to expedite the flow of key building materials, to limit nonresidential nstruction, and to give financial support where it will do the most good. Measures to stimulate rental housing and new types of housing nstruction will receive special emphasis. To reach our long-range goal of adequate housing for all our people, mprehensive housing legislation is urgently required, similar to the non-partisan bill passed by the Senate last year. At a minimum, such legislation should open the way for rebuilding the blighted areas of our cities and should establish positive incentives for the investment of billions of dollars of private capital in large-scale rental housing projects. It should provide for improvement of housing in rural areas and for the nstruction, over a -year period, of half a million units of public low-rental housing. It should authorize a single peacetime federal housing agency to assure efficient use of our resources on the vast housing front. FISCAL AFFAIRS The fourth major policy has to do with the balancing of the budget. In a prosperous period such as the present one, the budget of the Federal Government should be balanced. Prudent management of public finance requires that we begin the process of reducing the public debt. The budget which I shall submit to you this week has a small margin of surplus. In the Budget Message I am making remmendations which, if accepted, will result in a substantially larger surplus which should be applied to debt retirement. One of these remmendations is that the Congress take early action to ntinue throughout the next fiscal year the war excise tax rates which, under the present law, will expire on June , . Expenditures relating to the war are still high. Considerable sums are required to alleviate world famine and suffering. Aid to veterans will ntinue at peak level. The world situation is such that large military expenditures are required. Interest on the public debt and certain other sts are irreducible. For these reasons I have had to practice stringent enomy in preparing the budget; and I hope that the Congress will operate in this program of enomy. AGRICULTURE The fifth major policy has to do with the welfare of our farm population. Production of food reached rerd heights in . Much of our tremendous grain crop can readily be sold abroad and thus will beme no threat to our domestic markets. But in the next few years American agriculture can face the same dangers it did after World War I. In the early twenties the Nation failed to maintain outlets for the new productive capacity of our agricultural plant. It failed to provide means to protect the farmer while he adjusted his acreage to peacetime demands. The result we all remember too well. Farm production stayed up while demand and prices fell, in ntrast with industry where prices stayed up and output declined, farm surpluses piled up, and disaster followed. We must make sure of meeting the problems which we failed to meet after the first World War. Present laws give nsiderable stability to farm prices for and , and these years must be utilized to maintain and develop markets for our great productive power. The purpose of these laws was to permit an orderly transition from war to peace. The Government plan of support prices was not designed to absorb, at great st, the unlimited surpluses of a highly productive agriculture. We must not wait until the guarantees expire to set the stage for permanent farm welfare The farmer is entitled to a fair inme. Ways can be found to utilize his new skills and better practices, to expand his markets at home and abroad, and to carry out the objectives of a balanced pattern of peacetime production without either undue sacrifice by farm people or undue expense to the Government. HEALTH AND GENERAL WELFARE Of all our national resources, none is of more basic value than the health of our people. Over a year ago I presented to the Congress my views on a national health program. The Congress acted on several of the remmendations in this program-mental health, the health of mothers and children, and hospital nstruction. I urge this Congress to mplete the work begun last year and to enact the most important remmendation of the program--to provide adequate medical care to all who need it, not as charity but on the basis of payments made by the beneficiaries of the program. One administrative change would help greatly to further our national program in the fields of health, education, and welfare. I again remmend the establishment of a well-integrated Department of Welfare. VETERANS Fourteen million World War II servicemen have returned to civil life. The great majority have found their places as citizens of their mmunities and their Nation. It is a tribute to the fiber of our servicemen and to the flexibility of our enomy that these adjustments have been made so rapidly and so successfully. More than two million of these veterans are attending schools or acquiring job skills through the financial assistance of the Federal Government. Thousands of sick and wounded veterans are daily receiving the best of medical and hospital care. Half a million have obtained loans, with Government guarantees, to purchase homes or farms or to embark upon new businesses. Compensation is being paid in almost two million cases for disabilities or death. More than three million are ntinuing to mainlain their low-st National Service Life Insurance policies. Almost seven million veterans have been aided by unemployment and self-employment allowances. Exclusive of mustering-out payments and terminal leave pay, the program for veterans of all wars is sting over seven billion dollars a year--one-fifth of our total federal budget. This is the most far-reaching and mplete veterans program ever nceived by any nation. Except for minor adjustments, I believe that our program of benefits for veterans is now mplete. In the long run, the success of the program will not be measured by the number of veterans receiving financial aid or by the number of dollars we spend. History will judge us not by the money we spend, but by the further ntribution we enable our veterans to make to their untry. In nsidering any additional legislation, that must be our criterion. CIVIL RIGHTS We have recently witnessed in this untry numerous attacks upon the nstitutional rights of individual citizens as a result of racial and religious bigotry. Substantial segments of our people have been prevented from exercising fully their right to participate in the election of public officials, both locally and nationally. Freedom to engage in lawful callings has been denied. The will to fight these crimes should be in the hearts of every one of us. For the Federal Government that fight is now being carried on by the Department of Justice to the full extent of the powers that have been nferred upon it. While the Constitution withholds from the Federal Government the major task of preserving peace in the several States, I am not nvinced that the present legislation reached the limit of federal power to protect the civil rights of its citizens. I have, therefore, by Executive Order, established the President's Committee on Civil Rights to study and report on the whole problem of federally-secured civil rights, with a view to making remmendations to the Congress.  Executive Order CFR, - Comp p. .) NATURAL RESOURCES In our responsibility to promote the general welfare of the people, we have always to nsider the natural resources of our untry. They are the foundation of our life. In the development of the great river systems of America there is the major opportunity of our generation to ntribute to the increase of the national wealth. This program is already well along; it should be pushed with full vigor. I must advise the Congress that we are rapidly beming a have not" Nation as to many of our minerals. The enomic progress and the security of our untry depend upon an expanding return of mineral disvery and upon improved methods of revery. The Federal Government must do its part to meet this need. FOREIGN AFFAIRS Progress in reaching our domestic goals is closely related to our nduct of foreign affairs. All that I have said about maintaining a sound and prosperous enomy and improving the welfare of our people has greater meaning because of the world leadership of the United States. What we do, or fail to do, at home affects not only ourselves but millions throughout the world. If we are to fulfill our responsibilities to ourselves and to other peoples, we must make sure that the United States is sound enomically, socially, and politically. Only then will we be able to help bring about the elements of peace in other untries--political stability, enomic advancement, and social progress. Peace treaties for Italy, Bulgaria, Rumania, and Hungary have finally been prepared. Following the signing of these treaties next month in Paris, they will be submitted to the Senate for ratification. This Government does not regard the treaties as mpletely satisfactory. Whatever their defects, however, I am nvinced that they are as good as we can hope to obtain by agreement among the principal wartime Allies. Further dispute and delay would gravely jeopardize political stability in the untries ncerned for many years. During the long months of debate on these treaties, we have made it clear to all nations that the United States will not nsent to settlements at the expense of principles we regard as vital to a just and enduring peace. We have made it equally dear that we will not retreat to isolationism. Our policies will be the same during the forthming negotiations in Mosw on the German and Austrian treaties, and during the future nferences on the Japanese treaty. The delay in arriving at the first peace settlements is due partly to the difficulty of reaching agreement with the Soviet Union on the terms of settlement. Whatever differences there may have been between us and the Soviet Union, however, should not be allowed to obscure the fact that the basic interests of both nations lie in the early making of a peace under which the peoples of all untries may return, as free men and women, to the essential tasks of production and renstruction. The major ncern of each of us should be the promotion of llective security, not the advancement of individual security. Our policy toward the Soviet Union is guided by the same principles which determine our policies toward all nations. We seek only to uphold the principles of international justice which have been embodied in the Charter of the United Nations. We must now get on with the peace settlements. The occupying powers should regnize the independence of Austria and withdraw their troops. The Germans and the Japanese cannot be left in doubt and fear as to their future; they must know their national boundaries, their resources, and what reparations they must pay. Without trying to manage their internal affairs, we can insure that these untries do not re-arm. INTERNATIONAL RELIEF AND DISPLACED PERSONS The United States can be proud of its part in caring for the peoples reduced to want by the ravages of war, and in aiding nations to restore their national enomies. We have shipped more supplies to the hungry peoples of the world since the end of the war than all other untries mbined However, insofar as admitting displaced persons is ncerned, I do not feel that the United States has done its part. Only about , of them have entered this untry since May, . The fact is that the executive agencies are now doing all that is reasonably possible under the limitation of the existing law and established quotas. Congressional assistance in the form of new legislation is needed. I urge the Congress to turn its attention to this world problem, in an effort to find ways whereby we can fulfill our responsibilities to these thousands of homeless and suffering refugees of all faiths. INTERNATIONAL TRADE World enomic operation is essential to world political operation. We have made a good start on enomic operation through the International Bank, the International Monetary fund, and the Export-Import Bank. We must now take other steps for the renstruction of world trade and we should ntinue to strive for an international trade system as free from obstructions as possible. ATOMIC ENERGY The United States has taken the lead in the endeavor to put atomic energy under effective international ntrol. We seek no monopoly for ourselves or for any group of nations. We ask only that there be safeguards sufficient to insure that no nation will be able to use this power for military purposes. So long as all governments are not agreed on means of international ntrol of atomic energy, the shadow of fear will obscure the bright prospects for the peaceful use of this enormous power. In acrdance with the Atomic Energy Act of , the Commission established under that law is assuming full jurisdiction over domestic atomic energy enterprise. The program of the Commission will, of urse, be worked out in close llaboration with the military services in nformity with the wish of the Congress, but it is my fervent hope that the military significance of atomic energy will steadily decline. We look to the Commission to foster the development of atomic energy for industrial use and scientific and medical research. In the vigorous and effective development of peaceful uses of atomic energy rests our hope that this new force may ultimately be turned into a blessing for all nations. MILITARY POLICY In the Army and Navy mpleted the demobilization of their wartime forces. They are now maintaining the forces which we need for national defense and to fulfill our international obligations. We live in a world in which strength on the part of peace-loving nations is still the greatest deterrent to aggression. World stability can be destroyed when nations with great responsibilities neglect to maintain the means of discharging those responsibilities. This is an age when unforeseen attack uld me with unprecedented speed. We must be strong enough to defeat, and thus forestall, any such attack. In our steady Progress toward a more rational world order, the need for large armed forces is progressively declining; but the stabilizing force of American military strength must not be weakened until our hopes are fully realized. When a system of llective security under the United Nations has been established, we shall be willing to lead in llective disarmament, but, until such a system bemes a reality, we must not again allow ourselves to beme weak and invite attack. For those reasons, we need well-equipped, well-trained armed forces and we must be able to mobilize rapidly our resources in men and material for our own defense, should the need arise. The Army will be reduced to ,, officers and men by July , . Half of the Army will be used for occupation duties abroad and most of the remainder will be employed at home in the support of these overseas forces. The Navy is supporting the occupation troops in Europe and in the Far East. Its fundamental mission--to support our national interests wherever required--is unchanged. The Navy, including the Marine Corps, will average , officers and men during the fiscal year . We are enuntering serious difficulties in maintaining our forces at even these reduced levels. Occupation troops are barely sufficient to carry out the duties which our foreign policy requires. Our forces at home are at a point where further reduction is impracticable. We should like an Army and a Navy mposed entirely of long-term volunteers, but in spite of liberal inducements the basic needs of the Army are not now being met by voluntary enlistments. The War Department has advised me that it is unable to make an accurate forecast at the present time as to whether it will be possible to maintain the strength of the Army by relying exclusively on volunteers. The situation will be much clearer in a few weeks, when the results of the campaign for volunteers are known. The War Department will make its remmendations as to the need for the extension of Selective Service in sufficient time to enable the Congress to take action prior to the expiration of the present law on March st. The responsibility for maintaining our armed forces at the strength necessary for our national safety rests with the Congress. The development of a trained citizen reserve is also vital to our national security. This can best be acmplished through universal training. I have appointed an Advisory Commission on Universal Training to study the various plans for a training program, and I expect that the remmendations of the Commission will be of benefit to the Congress and to me in reaching decisions on this problem. The st of the military establishment is substantial. There is one certain way by which we can cut sts and at the same time enhance our national security. That is by the establishment of a single Department of National Defense. I shall mmunicate with the Congress in the near future with reference to the establishment of a single Department of National Defense. National security does not nsist only of an army, a navy, and an air force. It rests on a much broader basis. It depends on a sound enomy of prices and wages, on prosperous agriculture, on satisfied and productive workers, on a mpetitive private enterprise free from monopolistic repression, on ntinued industrial harmony and production, on civil liberties and human freedoms-on all the forces which create in our men and women a strong moral fiber and spiritual stamina. But we have a higher duty and a greater responsibility than the attainment of our own national security. Our goal is llective security for all mankind. If we can work in a spirit of understanding and mutual respect, we can fulfill this solemn obligation which rests upon us. The spirit of the American people can set the urse of world history. If we maintain and strengthen our cherished ideals, and if we share our great bounty with war-stricken people over the world, then the faith of our citizens in freedom and democracy will be spread over the whole earth and free men everywhere will share our devotion to those ideals. "Let us have the will and the patience to this job together. May the Lord strengthen us in our faith." May He give us wisdom to lead the peoples of the world in His ways of peace.  