America today is the most productive and environmentally responsible nation in history. The nation must be an enomy that embraces the growing nfidence of every American and the ncern of every American with health, education, and the environment. In the ming years
America today is the greatest power in the world. We must stop this new danger. It is the urage of tomorrow, and we must have it now. As we press forward on the road to victory, the world is united as one and has
America today is our strongest generation and our biggest mmitment to our Nation's future. We can begin by looking to our great heritage and our historic mmitment to individual achievement. Let us look to the achievements of our last seven Presidents. And
America today is the great America of their dreams; and this Nation has been given the opportunity by Congress to do so. In, Congress reduced the deficit by. billion in. The deficit was reduced by, to. billion. The number of Americans receiving
America today is a place where every citizen can take pride in being born into the most secure, most rewarding life possible. I ask this Congress to use the power and the resources of my office to make that change happen. This Congress has the power to
America today is just years away from the great success of the Suez crisis. The Middle East is not a graveyard, and that legacy will be stronger and stronger. If we can make that the defining moment of my Presidency, it will be the moment
America today is now the greatest untry on Earth. In, the American people voted for the Constitution. And last year, in the most critical rerd of our history, we were the most prosperous nation on earth. Our enomy is strong.
America today is more productive, but America's greatness cannot be measured against the st of a lifetime. In today's enomy, innovation and opportunity are growing and Americans can be proud of that. Tonight I'm asking the next Congress to help us build
America today is a great and unique people--a rich and prosperous land where freedom has been restored, but all mankind's enomy has been oppressed, where wealth has been denied, and where women have faced a very difficult test, because of race,
America today is the first and only industrialized nation to achieve self-sufficiency without ntrol of military strength. We have no new weapons for war and no new means to nquer our enemies. And now, with a new world enomy that
