American democracy is no longer a foreign power. It is a nation in which our people have decided not to allow their own nstitutional ntrol over their own lives, their own governments, their own schools. They have chosen to live a life
American democracy is at stake, and we must go forward together to achieve these goals. The United States Government has long served as a model of openness, tolerance, and enomic leadership, a model that has helped us avoid a nflict of interests
American democracy is a great test of our strength. We have a new opportunity. We have the resources and the capacity to bring justice and stability to nations of many different faiths. We've set a new precedent for our relationship with this untry. In
American democracy is under attack. And that means a revolution. Our new enemy has been Saddam Hussein. He's brought tyranny to Iraq. His war machine is moving forward. This is a war we can win by winning this war, and I'm sure
American democracy is under threat from a new threat. Last month the United States delivered a message to its NATO allies that is almost identical to this message: NATO is not interested in stability or growth but in building a stable, prosperous society. The message states
American democracy is one of the finest sources of stability in the world. But now, over the past years, the people of Western Europe—a people that once revered and revered freedom—have turned its back on a system that has helped to create a
American democracy is just that: a democracy—a democracy which is not afraid to stand up for its rights and values. To achieve peace, we have to do both. But that requires freedom and respect. And I see a lot of Americans tonight who
American democracy is at stake. Our untry is at stake in a world that's changed in a thousand ways. Our world is changing on a global scale. And America has never been more determined than tonight to shape change that doesn't always pan out
American democracy is just as good as the Federal Government is." And I can't believe we haven't seen this in this session of the Congress. On February,, former Senator and Presidential hopeful Dick Cheney said, I think we will find a time,
American democracy is ntinuing. For a more effective, less bureaucratic, less polluting world, all of us have our say about its future. As it moves forward, no one's vote matters. When you vote in the streets, you must
