America’s greatest threat is the nuclear arsenal of this administration and we're going to use every tool possible to bring about the disarmament that's needed. But with the stroke of a pen we can stop this from happening. We can stop this
America’s greatest threat is not arms, but nuclear power. Our strategic patience—we are watching closely over the nuclear arms race, but never fear—is also the best measure of realism and realism's nfound strength. A leader can say
America’s greatest threat is the Middle East, where millions of Americans are trying to rebuild their lives. Tonight we're announcing that we will be providing nearly million new jobs and, new workers every day, to make sure our veterans are well trained
America’s greatest threat is nuclear weapons—and the most powerful weapons of mass destruction. During the past decade, we've developed more weapons of mass destruction, including the United States' cruise missile—a design that is a perfect proxy for the
America’s greatest threat is nflicts between free and democratic nations. These crises can only create new and dangerous differences in international mmunity and enurage violent aggression and a more dangerous world war.   In recent years, we
America’s greatest threat is the threat of inflation. Today, the rate of inflation is over twice as high as at the beginning of the previous year, and the rate of savings acunts faster than any time in the history of the Federal government
America’s greatest threat is not the threat of nuclear war, but the threat that we cannot nfront, cannot win, or will never win this war. And tonight I am asking the Congress to pass legislation to halt the flow of nuclear materials
America’s greatest threat is foreign aggression, because of what happened this year in South Vietnam. We can be proud that this administration acted forcefully, forcefully, unilaterally, in this war, and we remain grateful that this untry and the world at
America’s greatest threat is our own children. Our children are America's future, and our children're not America's future. Our children need us, and our children want us, and the parents of America must ntinue to keep them
America’s greatest threat is the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Our first objective must be the protection of our enomy as a free people. The most urgent threat to our security and prosperity is the threat to our own security and our mmitment
