American society today is deeply and urgently engaged. The world must have a new enomy in which production and service are inextricably intertwined. The new enomic order must be open to the creation and maintenance of good jobs, decent homes, adequate
American society today is the most prosperous, the freest, and the most productive of its kind on Earth, and we have had its credit in times of crisis. But it is the only hope which we have, and we must take it. For
American society today is better equipped to deal with the challenges we face than the old, outdated and self-indulgent institutions that failed us centuries ago. As an example of the kind of American mmunity that today ntains the best quality of
American society today is also struggling to balance the needs of small business and large manufacturers. In recent years, nearly half of our businesses have closed because they had not yet met the new mandates. The Small Business Administration has increased the number of small business loans
American society today is the most enuraging development in human endeavor in our history. Our ntinued strength as a nation in our quest to maintain freedom and prosperity are indispensable to the safety and well-being of all of our people. With a
American society today is governed by laws designed to ensure that those who serve in it are not rewarded for serving in the service of our own, the world, or the state. Those laws are designed to protect those in authority and to reward those who serve
American society today is deeply troubled by the recent attacks on our liberties. The United States has always been the nation that is closest to peace, and a deeply disturbed people everywhere are increasingly anxious to make amends for their mmitment to freedom. But
American society today is a thriving, diverse society. That's why I'm making a mprehensive budget for fiscal year, which begins in May, with a tax cut of nearly percent and a tax cut for every family in this untry.
American society today is enuraged by the rapid advances in the space program. One example of the great advances in space exploration is the NASA program. It is ntinued and growing in capability and flexibility, as well as the incredible advances in the
American society today is at a crossroads, and the best solution is to meet the present time and place of change without putting our trust in government and without letting our children's future determine the future of this Nation. The best strategy, I believe,
