American industry. But I believe we can achieve this without a war; because we are all working together together to make this happen. Thank you very much. I would like to speak more about the recent news that, as you know, both the European
American industry has to be supported. There must be a firm ncern on both sides. We will fight for the most basic inalienable right of every American. The right for a decent life lies not in a dollar but in the basic right to
American industry. It would provide billions in new investment in energy research, to speed the process of clean generation, and to make more efficient use of scarce Federal resources. It would also expand the ability of small businesses to sell their goods in the open market
American industry, and to help the people of Southwest Asia. These actions will be carried out in an ever-expanding and increasingly flexible way, to the satisfaction of all segments of our enomy. We will ntinue to strive, and to
American industry of the United States. With the Congress' agreement to give farmers more choice, we will bring about the creation of the National Agricultural Development Administration. I know the Nation will be deeply moved by this breakthrough. "COMBATING THE FOOD
American industry is booming, and my administration has ntinued to promote opportunities for American workers, especially for workers in manufacturing. And for the first time, more American manufacturers are moving abroad. Last year, for the first time, we also established a
American industry. But we can't allow that to happen because some industries have been nstitutionalized by a large untry or because no one wants to live in a city that does not pay them anything but wages that we can barely afford. For
American industry, and to preserve the value of all human life. I also believe that we should make good on our hopes that by a single act of action we can secure the future security of our soil. This year, this administration also authorized the renewal
American industry, and to restore American jobs and wages and strengthen our military. Our Nation must be a more prosperous place because our enomy is stronger because our enomy is working. That means that for every worker, we have to have the means,
American industry and a thriving enomy depend on them. But we cannot just let them go away, we must keep America strong. By taking on the businesses that do business here, we can expand our role in the world. As we move into the
