America in the world means less war than I have ever known. We have seen what war can be like in Vietnam; seen how a strong but growing mmunism can be threatened and threatened only by a strong and growing America. We have seen what
America in the world means that we can move fast on the progress that has already taken place. With that, I will send to the Congress a framework which I will call the Message on the Role of Government in the Nation's Endowment for the Human
America in the world means our own untry too. In Asia and Africa, we have fought an era of prosperity, democracy and human and social progress, which has brought prosperity and mmon happiness to millions of people in rural Africa, where a strong
America in the world means the freedom, responsibility and the prosperity we want. That means working together for good and for the people. That means building a better and more prosperous America. And that means building on the leadership that we have built over the last
America in the world means our most precious resource. And for this reason we've made great strides in helping to end the devastating famine in Haiti. And in nflict zones, we have supported many international development projects and launched several long-term projects
America in the world means that our actions will ntinue. And we will not abandon our values, or our ideals, or our values alone. I am here tonight because the time has me to see the people who are striving to take power away
America in the world means that we must support the free world in its fight against poverty. Our own enomic crisis is at the very root of a long-running trade crisis. America's own enomy is at risk because of a vicious cycle that
America in the world means nothing. We need to take every chance in the world to meet our obligations to the people of the United States. And we are doing it tonight. To achieve that goal, as we work together to cut the gap between rich
America in the world means that the world will not be the same again. In the last years I have observed that we must ntinue to build in new areas of prosperity, such as agriculture. We must ntinue to build in new areas
America in the world means something else--to help the American people to build a better future for their families and for their children and their grandchildren. We are strong because we've got our mmunities strong. We're strong because our mmunities
