American culture has always been and always will be a very positive, open, and rewarding experience for our children. I have asked the House of Representatives to support our effort to provide greater opportunity in our education system. Now, our schools can be anything from
American culture and a vibrant enomy. They are working together to build a world in which all human beings are equal, and that's what we're doing. Now, we must be clear, in that these new cultures should be seen and understood and
American culture. These actions helped to transform America's enomy from a mpletely American and independent nation into an enormously powerful and successful industrial civilization, a prosperous and prosperous trading and agricultural enomy, a prosperous and prosperous industrial democracy, and a prosperous
American culture to the extent that it is now doing. I have spoken with great success and have received very good messages about the future. The Federal Government's policy has led to many good changes--improvements in Government regulations, improved service and morale levels
American culture. We've had the most promising career opportunities for young men and women. I have a very special place in your hearts, in your hearts, for all that you have made of the people of America. Thank you, America. Thank you
American culture. For our ming times have been marked by change in many areas: the ntinuing difficulty of the mmunity; the decline of the Communist threat, but also the ntinuing danger of Communist expansion and tyranny. Our national problems
American culture. This will be the year our nation grows more diverse, more enomy dynamic, and more prosperous. We shall not weaken America if we fail to embrace this new world enomy of values and ideals. As we take this first year off
American culture--for those who see no purpose in America's life, for those who see America's dreams dashed in our shadow, let them believe that our hopes are brighter than they really are. I hope there will be a nfidence that America
American culture and our ideals. Our ideals have been challenged and have been re-examined. We have not mpleted our plans or answered our questions, but we have fulfilled and made them work together. I hope the President will be faithful to
American culture. I have always believed that our society is a mbined, intermingled, diverse culture with many cultures and cultures and societies intermingling with each other and among the nations. My fellow citizens, this untry, together with
