Climate change is not the new face of the free world. To help them understand the impact of climate change, we propose to the UN Conference on Climate Change, the first international climate change summit to take place in almost decades. And in a world with
Climate change is also affecting the ability of farmers to maintain and protect water resources for their entire generation. Our farm policy has resulted in large reductions in the production of more than, metric tons of greenhouse gases—an increase from approximately percent to nearly, tons
Climate change is threatening to be ntentious. I hope you will agree: that there will be more than enough food and energy produced to feed the world for. So, let us move forward together. And in that spirit, let us all agree
Climate change is a long and painful process. To prevent it, I will propose a series of policy items—programs that will address the various ncerns of the enomy—including a new policy that uses new nduct to support the en
Climate change is the challenge of our time. We can and must make major progress. That is why I recently proposed to set a goal for mprehensive Federal water resources planning by the end of. That goal, however, will not be met
Climate change is a world-changing issue, an issue that poses huge challenges and challenges that require the ntinued determination and leadership of every Administration. This report has my full support. With the Congress at this session in nfrontation, the United
Climate change is an important but small-scale environmental challenge which has to be addressed urgently. I am proposing a national effort to improve the state of the Union. I hope these efforts will be expanded. We must act now on new proposals to help the
Climate change is a real challenge for America, and it's the highest issue on my list of priorities. Last year, I called on Congress to enact legislation to support research to prevent climate change, but I'm willing to work with members of the Congress
Climate change is driving these trends forward, which has given us a new focus on science, technology, innovation, and human resources. This year, I will propose legislation to ntinue our efforts to improve our water supply and preserve our forests and wetlands
Climate change is a human issue. We cannot afford to ignore the growing dangers. Our first priority must be to reduce fossil fuel use. We cannot afford to ignore the devastating climate change that is taking place now in the United States. Our only hope for
