The issue of race has also been increasingly prominent in the national debate. As the Nation debates whether we must support affirmative action in education, schools and universities are nstructing strategies to attract and retain blacks and Hispanics. In, the Government pledged an additional
The issue of race is a major one in our untry, and we need to ntinue to do everything we can to support African American and Hispanic people. We need to expand the programs that help them to move from poverty and enurage
The issue of race is of particular importance to us all in the face of great challenges to the very strength and prosperity that our Nation depends upon. In such cases, when ntradiction is lost, the entire Nation is deprived of the basic values
The issue of race in politics is an integral part of the history of our Nation. The issues of lleges, police, education, justice, welfare, and housing, all have existed in their present form for some time, though often long past
The issue of race also involves the social and moral attitudes of the oppressed, and I hope the Committee of American Indian Nations will ntinue to use its powers to nflict in a mprehensive manner with its members. I have been
The issue of race relations in America is a matter of urse. It has been my sincere hope over the years that the Administration will address the most pressing national questions in this important and ncrete period of our Nation's history. On all these subjects
The issue of race has been increasingly mplicated over the past years. Race remains an important national and national issue in the next years. Last November, I issued a national proclamation to promote education and race in our Nation's schools, and in the
The issue of race is particularly important to the children of the disadvantaged, as these children increasingly face special needs and the need to maintain a strong nstant presence in their own schools, even when they may not be able to provide the education they need.
The issue of race is also a vital one. If Americans are to have a fair chance of living up to the dignity and good will that were so tragically shattered in the Vietnam war, their future is at stake. This is a national question that requires
The issue of race in the United States and in this new millennium must always be a critical issue. The results of recent nditions, however, have been promising. But it still requires a vigorous effort among the Congress and the executive to ntin
