The state of our union is strong. This enomy is strong for our people. Our mmunities are strong for the progress of our people. This enomic system is mpletely mprehensive. We have the best infrastructure in the
The state of our union is in great need of improvement. We are witnessing the beginning of that change: an improvement of the basic structure of our system of enomic life which has the capacity and the reward for making the most of the available resources,
The state of our union is mpleting its transition to mpetition with the new world and a firm mmitment to the revery process. We are in steady progress toward reaching agreement on the mmitments of the International Monetary Fund, the
The state of our union is strong. We are a nation of artists, a nation of teachers, a nation of people of spirit. That is why I propose to establish an all-time high school graduation rate of percent. The time has me to
The state of our union is sound. Unemployment has not gone down or gone up but our growth has been weak. We are still one of the fastest growing untries on Earth, with exports down more than percent since I took office. But the st
The state of our union is stronger, stronger, and stronger because we now have a President who can work with the people of Washington to bring the state of our Union back. When I took office, the people of this untry voted overwhelmingly in their
The state of our union is in a ntinuous decline. We are also in danger of eroding our mmitment to the basic values of mmunity, freedom of the press and of the individual, the rule of law and the rule
The state of our union is strong, and the mpetition of the American people is strong. We have a new, unified vision and a new, hopeful spirit, one that will stand strong against the specter of cynicism, the shadow of fear
The state of our union is stronger than ever. We have a new enomy, strong businesses, and strong schools. We have the future of our Republic in our hands. Our enomy is stronger than ever, because we have the potential to create
The state of our union is good for the public good. And our future depends on it. I'd like to ask you to support the people who want the best for themselves and their families. Just as we are determined to achieve the highest levels of
