The American military effort against Al Qaida in Afghanistan is in its seventeenth year. We will work with both our allies and partners to bring this untry to a full understanding, and with our partners, the free nations, to nstruct the Afghanistan
The American military alliance ntains the strongest security interests and the highest levels of security assistance. NATO plays an important part in maintaining peace in Eastern Europe. In June, for example, we sent a message to NATO Members urging them to join in the effort
The American military has already provided support for several Afghan regiments which are still fighting and they are taking part in a major joint task in Hizballah. I strongly urge the United States to join their efforts to ensure a successful settlement of this matter
The American military alliance which provides modern equipment to the Soviet Union is indispensable as a bulwark of peace and stability in Asia. Our military presence in Korea will strengthen the bonds with South Korea, which is vital to the survival of the Republic of Korea.
The American military effort in Vietnam is well-founded. Our national security needs to be enhanced. We can increase our ability to defend our allies; we can increase our military strength; we can increase our resources; and we can maintain American strength and en
The American military must also be focused on the vital role they have played in helping build the foundations of peace in the Middle East. We are now entering a period of extraordinary change, from the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein, through the mplex threat posed by
The American military will be the only force on the Earth capable of resisting any hostile invasion. This is the only real deterrent force against attack. The American government has a strong role in the defense establishment, and it has to make sure it's not the
The American military establishment has always been aware of the dangers posed by the Soviet Union's expansionist policies and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, but it has always acted decisively to prevent further Soviet expansion. At times, it acted out of fear or for n
The American military leadership is making real progress on this front. Last month, I authorized a plan for a rapid buildup of American forces to Europe and Asia and to Africa. I've called for the withdrawal of approximately, forces by year's end. There
The American military leadership has a great responsibility to respond to the needs of other nations, the defense establishment, and to provide the American people with adequate food and shelter. The American military leadership has a great responsibility to make sure that the Soviet Union does not
