The American people are proud that the Congress passed and will soon have the opportunity to repeal my budget. Our budget is balanced, but we still lack the resources to make an effective and lasting transition to an environment of mpetitive growth and abundant opportunities for
The American people are very proud of our military strength. We did our part in saving many lives and to preserve life in Cuba. And we are grateful that our friends are moving to help us. In North Korea, the Communist regime is expanding its nuclear
The American people are in an uncertain times. The Federal Government has failed to act effectively against the great threats of the new millennium. The Federal Government has failed to take the necessary measures to keep its security and its balance. If we do this, our
The American people are very thankful for the great strides we have made in recent years. That progress should, of urse, be reflected in the nstitution for the Bank of the United States. The Bank is an integral part of the Federal Government
The American people are the best hope for peace, and I urge the Congress to use its authority to grant us that hope. We stand with every Nation who dreams that an America of peace—of liberty, of justice, of opportunity—is the America
The American people are tired of endless wars and endless wars to protect our untry. And Americans want to make sure that no one gets targeted, no one gets taken advantage of, no one is dragged along and no one feels safe. We believe in
The American people are demanding more. We are fighting the same battles we have already won, not just at home, but for the world. As we face new challenges, we need to do a lot better. We need to take the bold step of
The American people are weary of the political debates over guns and terrorism, and they're tired of government being overly stingy about it. With this new agenda, I urge Congress to make those battles over funding and targeting more pressing problems more mplicated
The American people are in for a long, hard time. The world is changing. The world is changing more and more rapidly; the world is changing as well. As we look forward to the next decade, we can remember that in this Congress last
The American people are tired of hearing about the endless, incessant wars, the endless war, the endless wars in Korea and Iraq and Afghanistan, the endless wars in Eastern Europe and Japan, the endless wars in Eastern Europe and the Middle East. They
