The American economy is booming. It's helping to restore our llege systems to their full potential. It's getting more people out of debt, and it's making sure that our kids have decent access to good higher education. Now, I can n
The American economy is booming, yet Americans are still left behind. Americans are looking for more of their own money, and they are still searching for a way to make a difference in their own lives. That's why last September I proposed that Congress enact
The American economy is producing new jobs and new revenues, new growth, new prosperity. That's what we've been able to achieve here in the's, even when these untry's ersatz unemployment rates were high. Unemployment is too high
The American economy is rapidly changing, not just because of productivity but because of our enomy as well. The strength and mobility of our enomy will ntinue to grow, our families will grow, and our people will have a better life.
The American economy is not a single enomy. It has multiple threads of interrelated growth that are also linked to individual and individual effort. In ntinuing the period from, when a few Federal programs seemed to me to me more in line with
The American economy is now more than a decade old, and the Federal Government has nearly tripled its expenditures over this same period. We must now be able to provide jobs and training for all Americans, because, unlike before, we are facing a national and
The American economy is ntinued to create, now it's at the level of million new jobs in the next years. And we can expect this number to climb to million by the year. America needs the untries of the world to take the
The American economy has ntinued to improve through the support of a strong American enomy, and the American people have answered by demonstrating, for the first time since World War II, that mmunism and free markets are the bedrock of a strong
The American economy depends upon the ability of our people to move freely and efficiently through difficult times and the strength of our faith in the future. We can be proud of that. And I urge the Congress to keep expanding funding of the Job Corps, a
The American economy is strong. We're improving our trade relations and negotiating better trade agreements. We've made a major first step toward a trade deal that protects American jobs. And we're putting our untry on a path toward a new partnership with China
