The task of American citizens is to support the American ideals of liberty and justice for all. It is important to remember that our political system, which has been riddled with unfair practices, has a great deal of appeal to those who do not understand or understand
The task of American citizens is to lead a world in which freedom, justice and peace can meet the aspirations of men everywhere, all across the world. They are striving in the past years to be equal to the heights of civilization and justice. They are
The task of American citizens is to protect the people and to make sure they have their fair share of security. That is why I've supported legislation which will protect the right of children under the age of six to keep their parent or legal guardian out of
The task of American citizens is to preserve and strengthen the ideals of freedom and justice, to mplete the great work begun over many years of work by other nations to maintain their security, and to advance our security for the future. We cannot do this
The task of American citizens is to create a system of justice in which all the people have an equal opportunity to participate in a mmunity of justice. Justice is not found in slavery. Justice is found in the untry of Detroit, in the
The task of American citizens is to preserve an air of invulnerability that can lead to peace and freedom, even where the threat of war looms. We've ncentrated our attention to the world's most pressing security problems, which include, but are
The task of American citizens is to serve the Nation not only when well served but when well served by peace. At home and abroad, in the Middle East, and even our friends in Africa, our mission must ntinue. We will not rest
The task of American citizens is to protect America. I ask you to give us a new beginning, a fresh start. This week marks the culmination of years of vigorous mpanies and lobbying for a just and lasting peace in the Middle East. We
The task of American citizens is to bring about improvements in our health care system and in the social programs that enurage them to achieve those goals. Our ntinuing reform of the health care system will be one of the goals of the health care
The task of American citizens is to bring about the fulfillment of their responsibility as citizens, in spite of our great enomic difficulties. So as to bring about peace, we must do so only if we are willing to give our assistance in mmunity
