The main opportunities for our country are within the reach of our enomy. There are about billion Americans working and working and mpleting jobs in our untry. Yet millions of others, especially minority workers, have nowhere else to turn. In the past
The main opportunities for our country are those areas in which we can build a better future. For example, while we take serious steps to increase trade and investment, we cannot bring together one or more industries to develop new and greater supplies of goods and services
The main opportunities for our country are the realization of the goals and ideas which all of us have mpleted in our years of service in our untry. Our nation's interests are central and our prosperity is enomic. Both trade and enomic development
The main opportunities for our country are through the mmunities we have created for its people in the past. In the year ahead, the State and Federal governments should work together to mmunicate and ncentrate their efforts in a sound nfront
The main opportunities for our country are to enurage the ndemning effort of the Chinese to expand their nduct to increase their own defense. We can build a strong enomy for peace in many parts of the world, because our foreign aid
The main opportunities for our country are clear and growing: • In the third quarter of, we will be expanding the capacity of American energy research; • in the fourth quarter we will be expanding our energy research programs; • in the fifth quarter we will
The main opportunities for our country are a vigorous American enomy and stable mmunity which enurages the free enterprise enterprise spirit. This is the right direction that we have pursued in the past. In the next few weeks I will propose a further
The main opportunities for our country are now open to us, and the time has me to move decisively on these and other outstanding issues. I call upon Congress to pass legislation making it clear to all our Nation's citizens that we're going to use all
The main opportunities for our country are abroad, our security at home, and the advancement of science and technology. This is our most ambitious foreign policy. The United States is willing to work with the world in seeking to improve our energy and enomy.
The main opportunities for our country are our ability to make progress towards equality, justice, and equality for all the children of the oppressed. We should ntinue to emphasize the role of women in American life. We should develop legislation to ensure that the
