The main threats facing our country are terrorists and drug dealers. There's no better time to end the war on terror than now. The terrorist threat is not an isolated force. The threats we face are real. We can't afford to be unprepared for
The main threats facing our country are nuclear arms and other weapons-of-mass-destabilization. We know that the American people do not want a nuclear Iran or any other nstantly unstable nation. But we also know that the Soviet threat
The main threats facing our country are rising seas and the increasing threat from the rising seas of rising sea levels. I ntinue to urge the Congress to implement the first of the largest reduction in the nstruction of military installations at every level of government
The main threats facing our country are those of Iran, which is pursuing an atomic bomb on the Western Hemisphere. The Iranians have been able to produce sophisticated nuclear weapons for almost years, but they know they can't use them unless the United States provides them
The main threats facing our country are mpletely realized and will only grow as mmon challenges are resolved. To keep our Nation strong, the most pressing national enomic problem facing the United States is the shortage of capital. In the year ahead,
The main threats facing our country are the development of nuclear power and a nuclear reactor that is capable of reaching mtens of thousands of nton or more. The Soviet Union has tried for over a century to build a nuclear weapon that can be used
The main threats facing our country are terrorism and instability in Asia. This past June, we signed the Comprehensive and Expanded Security Cooperation Agreement, which included an additional mmission with the Republic of Korea on certain ntrols of regional ntrol
The main threats facing our country are nuclear arms; ntext with Soviet troops on Korea, Japan and South Korea, and the spread of nuclear weapons to other nations; and ntact with those who wish to ntrol their nuclear activities. Since
The main threats facing our country are ntinued nuclear and nonproliferation. To meet them, we must seek new partnerships between nations, through stronger international law, and through vigorous defense and peacekeeping. We have established new enomic and political
The main threats facing our country are terrorist threats, which have risen sharply in recent months. But there has been no general rise in attacks, but recent nflict and tension, which has been growing more dangerous, have brought increased stress on our vital
