The terrorist threat grows. So, too, will the rate of violent crime. Violent crime is up. Nearly four-fifths of all youth killed by gangs are black. And the vast majority of murders are on parole. That's why I called
The terrorist threat to the United States is growing; the threat to our people is rising; and in Afghanistan, al-Qaeda's leadership is expanding. We are ready to respond with the greatest power in the world, the best information to protect our people
The terrorist threat to all nations of the Americas is greater than ever before. We are at the nst of a new era in the relations between nations; we are building a mmon relationship. For we are all a part of the effort for peace
The terrorist threat mes to a far greater extent from the North Korea they are operating in than from the Middle East. They've exploited the threat of nuclear war to further their mmon ambitions. For this reason, we're launching a new and more rapid
The terrorist threat is growing. We have a long and long way to go. Tonight I want to ask you to join me in giving Congress a vote on a bipartisan deal that would prevent further attacks on our untry. It's called the Terrorist
The terrorist threat is rapidly shrinking, so we must make sure that the threat is removed in a manner that preserves American values and respects the interests of freedom in the world. The Terrorist Threat To Our Nation First and foremost, we must defeat the terrorist
The terrorist threat from Iran is clearly clear. Our national security requires a stronger Iran than it has been in years. To build this capability, we need to ntinue our efforts to develop a secure and enomic partnership in the Middle East, and
The terrorist threat is on the rise, but there's still much work left to do. The world knows what can happen if we don't act promptly. Our security is now at stake, as our military buildup has grown. And as we have moved
The terrorist threat to America has grown, and it's not going away. But we have to do more. And one of our most urgent national priorities this year is our allies. The NATO alliance uld lose credibility if it didn't act on the
The terrorist threat" is a threat to all Americans, not just those who are already at the cutting edge of nfrontation. The operative word is terror. The words and the deeds that inspire our enemies tell us otherwise. Terror is no threat at
