To achieve unity in America, in America, in this Chamber, I ask you to join me in the battle of ideas and change. For years we have used politics to stifle progress and mpete. Let me me remind you: In those
To achieve unity in America, America's mmitments to peace can go one step further. The United States has a strong, democratic international system. The United Nations has created some of the best and safest places on earth for peace. And we have
To achieve unity in America, we must put a real weight behind the values that have guided us so far. Because America can be one America at once, when we have the best chance to mpete, when we mmit to a living,
To achieve unity in America, the Congress must ensure a program of nstitutional reform and deregulation that enurages innovation. I ask you to pass legislation to establish the Federal Jobs Council, and to put the brakes on the tax breaks and loopholes which
To achieve unity in America, and within the framework of a mprehensive policy, our relationship with the Soviet Union will be strengthened, and we will seek peace in a mutually assured land. We will ntinue to support efforts to expand the
To achieve unity in America's security, I urge the Congress to pass the American Enterprise Protection Act, which will protect all Americans from the dangers posed by foreign trade and investment. This legislation, together with a series of reforms to the Export-Import Bank
To achieve unity in America, Americans across this untry are mmitted to providing the best health care for the American people, and they have to keep up with the health care reforms which have taken place and which I have promised and are ntinued
To achieve unity in America, we must use our strength to forge a new America for a new America, one which can beme the greatest and strongest nation on Earth. This is not a partisan nquest between the parties or between party or party or
To achieve unity in America, we must build on the best methods of persuasion, diplomacy, and operation we have in the last years. But it is only by the power of reason, not persuasion, that we can achieve lasting change in this great nation
To achieve unity in America, we must realize that all Americans share in the same great purpose: to strengthen their own Nation and their own future. As our great national interest requires, there are certain problems of immediate importance that we must solve. We must
