To heal our divisions and bring new hope to our people, we must also take the lead in helping the millions of people across this untry who have already been neglected. We have the money and the vision for a better America and a more peaceful America
To heal our divisions, we must strengthen our lleges. We must create a system of private investment in American enterprises that protects America's workers. We can't wait for the next President to sign the bill that will end tax loopholes for our banks
To heal our divisions through our healing, we can't go back to the days when our untry, as the nation that's our most self-respecting, its most patriotic, had an ironclad, self-sacrificing defense.
To heal our divisions and keep America strong, I would like to say thanks again to Secretary of Defense, Senator Tom Ridge. I have many of you, and I've never before heard of a more fitting memorial for this nation than the one in the
To heal our divisions, we can do much, much better for the rest of the world. A decade ago, we worked together to make Bosnia a mmunity divided into separate political and enomic zones. Now there are more nations than ever before
To heal our divisions, we will forge closer enomic relations, and we shall make more meaningful progress toward a world without nuclear weapons. We should give our enemies more weapons of mass destruction. We shall not retreat from the pursuit of peace through military force
To heal our divisions, to build on the strength that we have forged, we will do more than rebuild our untry--we will build on the strength of our enomy, through tax cuts and wage increases and trade agreements that create jobs and growth
To heal our divisions and give us greater strength, we must begin by addressing one of the nsequences of our past success. This past year, we brought to this untry the first major industrial power station in the world to be shuttered,
To heal our divisions, we need to keep America safe from the forces of terror. We're not going to win the war on terror, we're going to win the war on drugs. And we're going to win the war on drugs. That
To heal our divisions, we can also rebuild our enomy, by helping new generations start strong families and making our enomic system work for all Americans. The job of helping our children is never finished. Let me begin by asking you again to pass
