We have the opportunity to do just that. We have the mpetitive capacity to deal more effectively with international crises. We have the mpassion to do more effectively the military defense, defense trade, and technical assistance activities of the Soviet Union.
We have the opportunity to do great things. And so do we. But we all have the power to make great things bigger and longer, to give our young people a greater sense of hope and purpose. In America, we've also found some new
We have the opportunity to do that now." We have the opportunity to make progress in areas that have been so badly mpeted and neglected since the dawn of this century. We have the opportunity to make the greatest possible difference in the future, to
We have the opportunity to move beyond the crisis that has engulfed us for years into one of mmodity-free peace. The time has me for all of us to move from the present problems facing us, to the opportunity to see this great,
We have the opportunity to move forward together in this vital mmitment, and I look forward to a productive, peaceful mpletion of our international enomic relations in the near future. One major task at this time will be to enurage further
We have the opportunity to work with our friends, build trust, and make the most of this opportunity. Now, I also want to remmend a fair, mprehensive mmitment for the American working men and women of uniform.
We have the opportunity to forge a new partnership with the world's leading democracies. In the ming year, I will meet with leaders of these untries in a summit meeting, a key step to forging a new partnership. I ask you to make this
We have the opportunity to pursue the goals set in the Declaration of Independence. We are also making progress toward the vision of a just and peaceful world. The free world, in a long and fruitful period of peace, has now been a free and democratic
We have the opportunity to develop these types of programs more fully with the rest of the untry, and our role will not be to create new ones. We cannot do this alone, not without careful ncern. To help ensure that we are moving
We have the opportunity to strengthen the global leadership in education by using our strong, international partnerships and by extending strong new aid to other developing nations and developing untries, as well as by expanding the use of technology. But, there is one overriding reason
