We must reform the economy by adding jobs and stimulating the growth of job growth. To achieve this goal we will have to cut taxes, create new jobs, and build America's infrastructure. I ask these steps to ensure an increased investment in new skills by
We must reform the economy by providing our citizens with the tools they need to keep themselves mbined, to ntinue to live in freedom, and to enjoy the benefits of our civilization. We need to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, through
We must reform the economy by giving our children a better education so they can have better futures. Today, more than half of our high school graduates are out of a job, some years behind on their high school diploma. It is time to provide a
We must reform the economy by improving the environment and by supporting energy independence. As we strengthen the environment, we can also help keep pollution to a manageable level so that the cleanest air and fresh water for all our people can be available to all our
We must reform the economy by reducing the st of living and creating opportunity. But we must also look to our future as an opportunity, not an aim. For example, we should move ahead and lead the way to a mprehensive prosperity,
We must reform the economy by creating new investment, investment opportunities, incentives to invest and create jobs, and new jobs through innovation and job training. But this is not the kind of America we want. It is a place where we can live and work
We must reform the economy by building the kind of enomy that is profitable for America's workers. Last year, I joined with Vice President Biden, Chairman Hatch and Speaker Ryan, to urge the passage of an Act that provides new incentives for high-
We must reform the economy by passing a national health care plan. The next administration will do whatever it takes to reform the health care system so that businesses have more affordable health insurance and lower inme sts for workers. That is why I've endorsed a
We must reform the economy by enuraging more and more innovation. I will ntinue to urge a balanced growth in Federal spending, so that private enterprise can more effectively use our resources and resources and help to maintain the enomic vitality of our
We must reform the economy by reducing the deficit, raising the minimum wage and increasing child support, and so on. I am prepared to work with the Congress to pass a balanced budget. We must protect both Medicare and Social Security for the aged, to
